## Session 8: The Past Haunts Us All...

During Dan J.'s recap, it is revealed that Illustrious Delight is a part of the Midnight Lotus, rather than the Black Hand directly. Trilby is still fast asleep in his house, completely oblivious to whatever is going down at the Brass Squid. With that aside, we open back in the tavern, Feyli and Coil upstairs, Morenthal, Gelnek, and Hobson still downstairs. Gelnek rushes upstairs to talk with Feyli and Coil about what happened with his conversation with the Illustrious Delight. Coil is confused, and Feyli is still drunk, so it doesn't go especially well. Coil says that the best thing is for everyone to regroup downstairs, so they all start going back down to the bar. The crew of Illustrious Delight is twitchy and ready to strike, but they don't do anything just yet. Morenthal tries to give Gavel a look and gesture, trying to give a warning. Gavel undertands this time, calling Derek and Merra to "help with something in the back." About four other civilians are in the bar right now, not paying attention to what's going on right now. Gelnek is sent by Morenthal to try to get the other civilians out of the bar. The first table has a pair of dwarves playing checkers, and Gelnek acts like a madman. This successfully gets the dwarves and the other table to leave, as they all want no part of whatever just happened.

Now that it is only the Party and Illustrious Delight in the bar area, Morenthal asks if the Party is ready. As he says that, Sawyer comes along and tugs on Coil's cloak. He tries to initiate a conversation, saying that it would be a shame to ruin the establishment. During this, Feyli was watching the stairs, waiting for Ember to show herself. Ember has made her way over to the railing upstairs, watching everything from the balcony. Morenthal asks what is there to talk about, also noticing Ember on the balcony. Sawyer says that he thinks the Party wants to fight the Illustrious Delight. Feyli looks directly at Ember and pointedly asks what *is* going on. Valse says that he thought Ember and he were hitting it off, and Feyli tells him to shut up. *(Note: Valse controls Hobson for much longer than before. As such, anything Hobson does is attributed to Valse instead. Other characters refer to Valse as Hobson still.)* Ember comes down the stairs, and asks the same question back: What *is* going on? Ember points out that basically nobody in the Party knows what could possibly be going on, and as Feyli approaches says she is feeling threatened. Ember grabs Feyli's costume and pulls her close, whispering that Feyli knows what Ember wants, so she should give it back. Feyli doesn't know, so the two of them go back and forth. Eventually Ember says that Feyli has <span style="color:forestgreen">**The First's Heart**</span>, which is why everyone cares that she's here. Feyli maintains that she doesn't know what Ember is talking about. Ember makes eye contact with the Illustrious Delight table, and they all stand up.

Morenthal tries to intervene, by saying that a lot of miscommunication is going on, a lot of people are in the dark, so the right thing to do is sit back down and talk about what the heck is going on. Sawyer seems to like that idea, so he pulls up a chair and sits down in it where he currently is. Thee rest of the Party and Illustrious Delight grab chairs and circle around one of the large round tables. Morenthal starts by saying his name and that he's known the Party for a very short amount of time. He points to Sawyer to go next. Sawyer introduces himself as Sawyer Glitterpocket, leader of the Illustrious Delight travelling circus. Morenthal gestures to Feyli and Ember staring daggers at each other, asking what all that is about. Sawyer claims that Feyli took something valuable to their organization, and they have come to get it back. Feyli maintains that she didn't take anything, and Ember counters by asking why she thinks there's such a massive bounty on her head. Feyli still says she doesn't know and asks what they think she took other than herself. Ember repeats that Feyli took The First's Heart. <span style="color:teal">**The First**</span> is the unknown Leader with respect to Feyli's backstory. Morenthal asks why they are so sure about Feyli having it, and Ember says that Feyli was the last to be with the First. At the time the First had a heart, and when Feyli fled, he didn't anymore. As a high ranking member, that is highly unusual for someone.

Feyli says that she doesn't have the heart, and nobody even knew she was in the room with the First. Morenthal asks if anyone else could have the heart, assuming the hypothetical that Feyli doesn't have the Heart. Feyli blurbs about someone else being in the room with her and the First. Sawyer says that while the person isn't here, he does have someone who could fact check Feyli's story, if the Party allows. Morenthal quickly says that one of the Party should come along to ensure that Sawyer isn't just getting a bunch of people to strong arm the Party, and Sawyer says that said option is fair. Sawyer goes over and grabs Hobson, saying that the same size is fair, and Hobson agrees. Sawyer tells the group to not do anything rash, before he and Hobson leave the tavern. Hobson and Sawyer go walking into the second district, towards the temple of The Nine, keeping conversation with Hobson. He doesn't seem to hold a grudge against anyone except Feyli specifically. About 200 ft from the chruch, Sawyer tells Hobsont that what he's going to see would best be kept secret. Valse agrees to keep the secret, so Sawyer leads him into the graveyard. There, the Dwarf Feyli saw earlier opens a grave, pulls out a body, and throws it into a wheelbarrow. Sawyer asks if he could use the Dwarf's skills for a minute, and he follows along. The three of them head back to the tavern.

Meanwhile, back at the tavern, the Illustrious Delight group is tense and eyeing up the Party. Coil asks about what the Heart actually is, like human or whatnot. Ember says that the First is higher than mortals, so he's not human, not that she's seen him. Feyli counters by asking if Ember hasn't seen the first, how does she know that he doesn't have a Heart anymore. Ember simply replies that even Feyli doesn't know who's the boss's boss. Ember says that the main reason that everyone isn't fighting right now is because Filgrove is important to the troupe as a bank. (OOC) Feyli recalls that "bank" refers to more obscure towns prone to young deaths, taking and replacing the bodies every few years. Gelnek questions how bringing the Heart back would help if the First is already dead. Ember says that the Party really doesn't know anything about Feyli at all. She proceeds to say that the organization doesn't consider death to be the end, and they thrive on it. Being incomplete without the Heart is more important than being dead. With not much other conversation to do, all of them wait for Hobson, the Dwarf, and Sawyer to get back. Sawyer introduces the Dwarf as Gorm, asking him to do his thing on Feyli, since she seems confused. Gorm nods, but Coil wants to know exactly what Gorm is about to do, and Gorm says something about no lies. Sawyer confirms that if Feyli is telling the truth, then the Illustrious Delight doesn't have any issue with her.

Gorm proceeds to cast a Zone of Truth, and only Morenthal saves. Sawyer asks Feyli if she has or otherwise knows the whereabouts of the First's Heart. Feyli replies that she doesn't. Sawyer gives a side glance at Ember, asking if she stole it, but Feyli once again says she didn't steal it. With those answers, Sawyer says that the Illustrious Delight has no beef with Feyli anymore. Morenthal, releived, asks Ember if they are going to leave the Party alone now. Ember says that the group here won't bother the Party, and Feyli gets Ember to say that it includes herself. Ember now says that the group just wants to leave and maintain their good reputation in Filgrove. It won't solve the bounty situation, but that's Feyli's problem. Morenthal is curious as to why the gorup wants to maintain their reputation. Ember says that it is because of the bank situation in the town, and with a nod from Sawyer, says that they take their dead. Coil and Morenthal are utterly confused, and Ember repeats that Feyli hasn't told the Party anything. Ember explains that The First is better known as The First Dead, and the organization serves him because they want to restore him to the status he once had. Necromancers, in short. The bodies are for whatever the organization needs them for, and Feyli retorts that if they don't get enough, then they just make more. Coil asks if this is why Feyli left, and she says that the reason is complicated. Morenthal and Hobson say that it probably isn't becuase Ember just listed a bunch of great reasons to leave. Feyli says that she left beause the organization is full of liars, and that is all the Party needs to know.

Morenthal pushes Feyli to give more reasoning, but Feyli continues to be tight lipped, saying that the reasons she workd for them are for her alone to know. The organization will do whatever they need to do for themselves and only themselves. Sawyer nods in agreement to Feyli's accusations. One of the half-elves asks if they can go, because he probably isn't supposed to hear all of this. Gorm ends his concentration on the Zone of Truth and leaves the tavern to head back to the graveyard. Coil says that future attempts to attack Feyli won't be take kindly. Sawyer says that while he doesn't want to fight Coil, but he hopes the Party understands why the organization would be after her. Morenthal tells them to tell the rest of the organization about what happened here, and Sawyer says that he'll take care of the troupe, but can't get the organization to change its mind. The Illustrious Delights will stay out of it unless their reputation is sullied. Tesen thanks Gelnek for the compliments and the stories as the whole troupe leaves the tavern. Gavel pokes his head out from behind the door and asks if everyone's done. He tells Derek and Merra to go home for the night. Gelnek pays for the two tables' tabs plus one. Several minutes pass, but the troup doesn't return.

Morenthal simply goes upstairs and goes into his room. Gelnek goes up to Feyli and say that working with a necromancer must have been difficult, and everyone has secrets and reasons for keeping those secrets. Gelnek will need to think about Feyli's past. Valse, who has been extremely quiet during the whole thing, simply tells the Party good night and struggles to find his room. Feyli tells Coil that she didn't know anyone took the First's Heart, not that she cares. Coil says that it's probably for the best because necromancers are bad. Coil says that now he knows why people are after Feyli rather that just knowing that people were after her. Feyli assumed it was for her knowledge of the organization, but now she knows why as well. Feyli asks what Coil knows about the Midnight Lotus, but Coil doesn't know much except that it is surprising that it is associated with The First Dead, since Coil knows more about the Black Hand. Feyli explains to Coil how the Midnight Lotus works: The First is at the top, but nobody's seen him. <span style="color:teal">**The Second**</span> is the apprentice, and the two of them give orders. Below them are other apprentices, counting down. Feyli was a part of the Fourth level, thus known as Feyli the Fourth. One night, she decided to leave. Feyli then says that they should go up to sleep. Coil mentions that Feyli was ready to kill Ember, and Feyli confirms that she would kill anyone of the Midnight Lotus without remorse. Everyone goes to sleep.

Valse makes his way back to Morenthal and Gelnek's room, releasing his control over Hobson inside the room. Hobson asks the two of them what happened, confirms that everyone is fine, and decides to worry about this later. Feyli takes another WIS save during the night, having a perfectly peaceful night. Morning sees Filgrove a little hungover but getting back awake. The Illustrious Delight have moved on from the town, but everything else seems to go on as normal. Gelnek decides to call a Party meeting, and Trilby makes his way back to the tavern. Morenthal resists giong to the meeting, so Gelnek is forced to cancel the Party meeting. Hobson is worried about what he missed last night, so he, Coil, Morenthal, and Gelnek head downstairs for breakfast. Gelnek chooses to have a mini Party meeting, allowing anyone to share secrets due to what happened last night. Trilby is confused that he missed a lot. Gelnek promptly informs him that Feyli was part of a necromancy cult conspiracy trying to find the Heart of the First Dead. Trilby just accepts it. In any case, Gelnek wants to share secrets with the Party, and he starts. Gelnek says he is afraid of scorpions, saying that scorpions are evil mini dragons that can destroy towns. Trilby admits that Scrubbins was a design from a breakfast cereal box rather than his own invention. Hobson says that he thinks is possessed by his bracer, since he can't take it off, and his conciousness is sometimes overtaken. Gelnek notes how this explanation makes Hobson's sudden confidence make a lot more sense. At least he's helpful. Hobson doesn't remember exactly how long he's been with Valse, since he likely lost days due to the possession. At least he is happy to get this off his chest, and he says that he would be happy to be rid of the curse. Gelnek says that the Party could help lift the curse if they have time. Valse takes over for a second, trying to play it off as a joke. Coil reveals that the muzzle around his mouth can come off, but it doesn't come off often. He doesn't remember what exactly happens when it comes off, but it usually is bad. Gelnek asks what Coil's earliest memory is, since he's a Warforged. Coil recalls waking up as a soldier for a war about 30ish years ago, but the muzzle has always been on.

Gelnek thanks the smaller Party for the secrets, but he hopes that Feyli and Morenthal will join next time. During this, Feyli and Morenthal both stay in their rooms doing nothing the whole day. The Airship should be arriving in a day or two. As the day wears onward, Hestio bumps into the Party, reminding them about the gear they requested. The Green Ravens are always proud of the stuff they made, so the Party heads over to Green Ravens HQ. On the walk, Trilby takes his bag, pulling a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Broken Sword**</span> out of the bag. Uldar tried to get the stuff the Party requested, and he begins to give out the stuff. First is a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Mindshield Crown**</span>, a silvered headband with a Void Crystal put inside to grant advantage on INT saves. Next is a set of <span style="color:forestgreen">**Void Absorption Hide Armor**</span>, which can be attuned to an element once per day, granting 5 damage reduction. Finally, a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Counterburst Greatsword**</span> was made for Coil, granting a single cast of Counterspell of range 5 ft, using Proficiency Bonus for rolls. Trilby hands over the broken sword to Uldar to see if he can get anything nice out of it. He can fix it for free since Trilby is a Green Raven intern. While waiting for the airship, there are a few different leads: Finding Trayton, the hunts by the Green Ravens, and the Mine poster from session 1. The Party heads back to the tavern to pick up Morenthal and Feyli. Gelnek first goes up to Feyli's door and requests that she joins. She does, since the Party will make sure she's safe. However, when Gelnek goes to find Morenthal, the door is open an he's not there. Morenthal is out back, helping shove boxes in the back for Gavel. Gelnek calls out for Morenthal, but Morenthal wants to head out the back door. He's worried he's going to get the Party killed, but Gavel says that based on what he overheard, Morenthal is not the worst of their problems. Also, if Morenthal doesn't go, Gavel can find worse things for Morenthal to do. Morenthal joins the Party in the lobby. Gelnek invites Morenthal to join, even if he's silent.

The united Party decides to head off to find Trayton, an it's close enough to get there before nightfall. First, however, they need to divy up the other two pieces of gear. Morenthal gets the Void Absorption Hide Armor, and Feyli takes the Mindshield Crown. The Party heads out of Filgrove for a fairly simple walk. About midday, they can hear some swords clanging together. Nearby, beyond the tree line is a stagecoach with a broken wheel. Three humanoids are crouched down behind the stagecoach, and a bolt hits a tree nearby, and one of them takes a potshot. Gelnek hails them, and one of them says they were ambushed by goblins, but they don't turn to look. Gelnek is rather flustered about other goblins being out here. Coil asks if Gelnek could talk to them, but Gelnek has no idea due to the vast differences in goblin culture, but Gelnek will try as double leader. The Party approaches, and Gelnek calls out in Goblinoid that he comes in peace, and the humanoids mean the goblins no harm. A ceacefire is established, and Gelnek asks what the nature of the attack is. A small rust orange goblin responds that it is for food. This goblin hails from <span style="color:aqua">**Gobgek**</span> tribe, and he recognizes Gelnek as part of the O'stanke tribe. Some back and forth occurs, with Gelnek trying to tell the goblin about getting food peacefully. Gelnek does this by trying to explain to the goblin how economies work and saying that when goblins attack, the humans send bigger humans with bigger gear that will kill the tribe. Gelnek gives the goblin 20 gold, and the goblin tries to throw some coins at the stagecoach people for food. Gelnek tries to explain one more time, and the goblin agrees to try. Gelnek then explains to the stagecoach people that offering food and/or jobs to the goblins may help prevent further attacks. One of the people takes some extra rice and tries to sell it. The goblin gives one coin as per Gelnek's instruction, getting the rice in return. The Party's job here is done.

About an hour before sundown, the Party finds the small burned house where Coil's map is marked. They don't immediately see anything moving in the house, and the house itself is pretty decrepid and only good for temporary shelter. Hobson asks how to approach the house without scaring off whoever is inside. Ideally, they want to approach as a non-threatening Party. Trilby is the least threatening, so he plans to walk up and mention Han. Gelnek gives him a bit of encouragement with Enhance Ability, giving Trilby advantage on CHA checks and saves. Trilby walks up alone and knocks on the door. A voice calls out, asking what he wants. Trilby introduces himself and says that Han is worried about them. The voice remains unconvinced but opens the door slowly. A male halfling asks if Trilby is from Graster instead. Trilby stammers out a no, repeating that Han wants to see them and feigns that he doesn't know a Graster. The halfling, still not convinced, calls back for Trayton. Trayton walks up, with one of his arms heavily bandaged, continuing to question Trilby. Trayton says that Trilby was seen with the Green Ravens, and the halfling agrees. Trilby responds that he's a citizen of Filgrove, so he gets around. Trayton tells Trilby to tell Han that he can't come back, but he won't say why. Trilby wants to know why, and Trayton says that something happened to him, but he doesn't want anything to happen to Han and the others. Trilby asks if they can help, and Trayton asks if any of the Party knows anything about curses, specificaly any clerics. Trilby says that the Party has a druid, so that might work, and Trayton and the halfling agree to meet outside. Trilby skips back to the group, and tells Feyli to prepare to deal with curses. Feyli and Trilby will head off to the house alone, and the rest of the Party should come over if any screaming is heard. Feyli notices that a figure on the second floor is watching them with a drawn bow.

The halfling, named <span style="color:teal">**Jeroma**</span>, opens the door again, letting Feyli and Trilby inside. Trilby protests going inside, but Jeroma insists that it be done in private. Trayton pulls out the sleeve and unwraps of his bandage, revealing a large scabbed scar. Feyli can tell that it is a bite from a large beast of some kind. Trilby heals Trayton for 11 unneeded HP. Feyli asks how it happened, and Trayton says that they picked a fight that they shouldn't have. Graster caused the bite, but he wasn't his normal self. His face was more like a dog for just a moment when the bite happened. Based on this description, Trilby thinks of lycanthropy, despite Graster having full control and acting fairly normal. Trilby asks Trayton if he gets any strange feelings, and Trayton says that at night he gets uncontrollably angry. Trilby excuses him and Feyli, as they go back to the Party as twilight sets in. Trilby tells the Party that Trayton doesn't want to go back, and that he's probably a lycanthrope. The only person that might know how to deal with these curses is Karshala. Trilby also says that they invited the Party to stay the night, but that's probably a bad idea. He goes back to the house to tell Trayton that the Party knows someone in Filgrove that might be able to help. Trilby tells Trayton and the rest of them to stay there while the Party makes the trek back to town. Trilby walks back to the Party, and they all discuss what to do now. Coil suggests potentially restraining Trayton so he doesn't hurt anyone. Trilby finally mentions that Graster bit him, and lays out the other options the Party has dealing with the situation. The Party decides to get some distance between the house and themselves before setting up camp. Hobson gives his congrats to Trilby for peaceful resolutions, and Trilby attributes it to watching the Party. As the Party sets up camps and falls asleep, Morenthal and Coil take watch, using their trance and static states.

Coil, during the night, notices that it's surprisingly light for it being night time. Nothing else happens during the night, for once. The Party discusses who to visit on the way back to Filgrove. The consensus seems to be in favor of meeting Karshala, assuming nothing crazy happens when they get back to town. Filgrove appears to be normal, and it is still early in the day. Feyli offers to go shopping, and Gelnek agrees. A voice asks to go with Feyli, and the animated skull named Bartholomew makes his appearnace again. The three of them go off to the Tavern while the rest of the Party heads off to Karshala's shop. Inside, Karshala is in the store, and it is set up as before with random bits and bobs on the table. Trilby asks Kasrshala if she has a way of healing or curing lycanthrope. She says that she could probably fix that, asking how long has the afflicted had the curse. Trilby says that it probably hasn't been that long, since Trayton hasn't turned fully yet. Karshala gathers random ingredients as Trilby also mentions that there is one lycanthrope in town. Karshala is happy that the Party visited, so she offers two cures for the price of one favor. She asks if the Party is still traveling with Feyli, and Trilby says yes. Karshala gives Trilby a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Perfect Pearl**</span> to give to Feyli as an olive branch of sorts. She then gives two <span style="color:forestgreen">**Lycanthrope Cures**</span> that must be drunk completely for it to take effect. She also warns the Party about giving the cure to Graster. Trilby asks about why she wasn't in the shop during the festival, and Karshala gives a nonanswer, pinching his cheek with an ichor covered hand. The Party decides to leave without getting anything else. Coil asks if the Party should tell Han, but Morenthal and Trilby say they should resolve Trayton's situation first. Meanwhile, Gelnek, Feyli, and Bartholomew are around the markets. Gelnek talks with Bartholomew about various random stories, and Bartholomew serves as a great talking partner. 

Gelnek informs Feyli about the Party's little secret tradition and encourages her to share if she desires. Feyli looks at Bartholomew and responds that it is not the best time. Gelnek understands and chooses to give another little secret: he feels like Trilby is upshowing him sometimes. Gelnek thinks the button means that he is weak, and then Trilby declares himself leader at the burned house. Feyli doesn't think any of that is true, and she tries to convince him that Trilby learned everything from Gelnek, and that Trilby likes and appreciates Gelnek. Gelnek is not necissarily convinced. Around noon, the Party reconvenes to head back out to the burned house. Along the way is a ramshackle road shack with a familiar rust orange goblin. The sign simply says "1 Point." Nothing else noteworthy happens on the way back, but Trilby pulls a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Burning Hands Spell Scroll**</span> out of his Bag of Many Things. The Party arrives at the burned house, and it looks the same as it did before. The whole Party chooses to approach at the same time, and when Trilby knocks there is no response for a while. Trilby opens the door, casting Sanctuary on himself before he walks inside. It is dark inside, but he can see a mauled Dwarf body on the ground. He calls out for Trayton, and a shifting can be heard upstairs. Trilby heads upstairs, and in a room there is another heavily mauled Half-Elf body sits in a windowsill. Several blood trails and drag marks can be seen as he goes up the stairs to the top floor. In a study, Jeroma is on the ground bleeding out but sees Trilby. Trilby heals Jeroma, and Jeroma says that they didn't know Trayton was a lycanthrope. Trayton ran away having bit Jeroma. Trilby takes out one of the cures and tells Jeroma to drink the entire thing. The other two were *Fermir* and *Odin*, and they're dead. Jeroma guesses that Trayton fled to the west but he's not sure. Jeroma wants to head back to Filgrove, but Coil mentions that it may be for the best if he comes with the Party. The three of them exit and inform the Party of what happened. Since Trayton wasn't hiding his tracks, Gelnek is able to find the trail, and the tracks are trivial for everyone else to follow it. By sundown, the trail is still going, but Trilby is filled with determination to find Trayton. An hour later, night has settled in. The tracks have become lighter and lead towards a cave at the foot of the mountains where a campfire can be seen. Trilby sneaks around with his night vision goggles and manages to see Trayton in the cave warming his hands by the fire.

Trilby approaches and calls out to Trayton. Trayton fears for Trilby's safety for obvious reasons. Jeroma makes eye contact with Tratyon, but Trayton is distraught over what he did. Trilby remains determined, as he has one more potion to help Trayton. Jeroma insists that it was Graster's fault, not Trayton's. Trayton cries and nods his head, so Trilby approaches. Trayton downs the potion with a tiny grimmice, asking if it will actually stop it. Trilby assures him that the hag can be trusted and tells Trayton is free. Trayton doesn't know what to do now, given that he just killed two friends. Coil mentions that Graster has a bounty on Trayton's head, so going back to town is dangerous. Jeroma insists it is not Trayton's fault, but he also agrees that going to town may be dangerous. Coil says that he wants to confront Graster about what happened. Trayton says that he's got family in Springoak that he could hide with for a while. After some more comforting words, Trayton leaves it to the Party if they want to drag him in. Gelnek says that the Party will deal with Graster. Jeroma will head off with Trayton before returning and informing Han of what happened. Jeroma asks if he could have the Party's names, or the name of the Party at all so they can thank them properly. The two of them offer to camp with the Party, but the Party chooses to camp a little bit off. End of Session.