## Session 4

We open next to the underground water resevoir in the Underdark after a Long Rest. Trilby immediately sifts into his Bag of Many Things, pulling out a **Ship in a Bottle** about the size of an apple. He accidentally breaks a mast by poking at it with Mage Hand. Feyli inspects the Deck of Cards: All twenty cards are visibly separated from each other, and both sides of the deck show the same face card. During this insepction, she does pull one out. This card is *"Wheel of Fortune"* and it burns in her hands and dissipates. WoF effect one: Feyli has trouble finding the perfect spot to put away the Deck. Now that the Party is packed and ready to go, Coil uses the Dowsing rod. The Party travels along the coast of this underground lake. They find a descending path and some abandoned/used climbing gear. A few hours pass as the Party continues along this path. While walking, Gelnek talks to Morenthal. Gelnek tries to make up his scolding to Morenthal, but Morenthal continues to be abrasive and alone. Gelnek believes Morenthal believes the world is cold and cynical, but Gelnek desires to show Morenthal that the world is not solely cold and cyncial.

After about five hours of traveling, the tunnel seems to transition into man-made tunneling. This tunnel widens into a larger cave with a charred floor. This hole is clearly not the natural cave formation. Hobson notices a beetle hovering and panicking off the ground, seemingly attached to a very thin thread. Coil slices the thread, releasing the beetle. Looking up, there appears to be leftover webs on the stalactites around. A slab of slate creates a natural bridge across more water into more man-made tunnels. Parts of the Party are watching out and noticing the strange web stuff. Marching order at this point is Coil, Morenthal, Feyli, Hobson, Gelnek, Trilby. The Party crosses, and about a third of the way across, the Party sees a humanoid hand off to their right. Coil, Feyli, and Morenthal make DEX saves. WoF effect 2: Disadvantage for Feyli. Feyli fails this, as a bunch of legs spray Web on the her. The creatures reveal themselves. They have 4 arms each, and they wield homemade weapons. *Combat Begins.*

Morenthal immediately cuts one down while Gelneck quickly frees Feyli. The bug hybrid creatures swarm the Party, dealing a lot of damage all around. Feyli activates her starry form and heals Morenthal & herself. Trilby sends Scrubbins in flamethrower mode to hit the creatures and avoiding the Party. Hobson also swings at any who come close. Gelnek dashes between some creatures' legs to line up spells. More creatures appear, and it looks like they'll keep coming! WoF effects during combat: Disadvantage on attacks & skill checks. DJ&D uses Flanking rules which means that the attack gets advantage. After a few rounds of reinforcements, Morenthal decides to jump into the water, since the creatures seem to dislike it. The only way out is forward, so Morenthal jumps into the water, forcing the rest of the Party to follow. On the far left of the bridge, Trilby is the first to see and get through the exit. Soon after, the Party makes it out of combat.

*Rules missed during this Combat*: 1) Morenthal should not have crit on his first attack, since the enemy was not surprised. 2) Feyli's Wild Shape + Starry Form eats both Action and Bonus Action, so she should not have been able to cast Healing Word. 3) Hobson's Adamantine Shortsword should be critical damage on hit. 4) Feyli's first Guiding Bolt is at disadvantage regardless of WoF due to ranged attack within 5 ft.

