## Session 5

*This session involves descriptions and depictions of body horror and corruption, specifically fleshy tenticles and mutiliation. Viewer/Reader discresion is advised*

We open back in the evil dungeon of evil with the not happy music. The smell is of sweetness and rotting food. The cave is slightly tinted red as particles in the air reappear. There is an old rusty statue at the bottom of the stairs. It is a plate armored figure with a large spear in its shoulder as it holds a sword. The statue is covered in a layer of rust. On the right is a door and the left is a cave in, leading to a passage. (Directions will now be Compass based, same as the map) Hobson examines the statue, seeing rusted gearwork inside. Coil sniffs the air, and smells something good...which is disturbing. As Hobson investigates the cave in, he sees that it can't be older than a month or so. Trilby investigates the statue a bit more, seeing that it is a long-dead golem of some kind. The sword also has fresh-ish blood on it. Coil decides to open the door in the North, which opens into a small room with two more doors (W & N), and Coil continues North.  

In here, several sprawling plants are around, surrounded by tables covered in books and vials. Two ink black skeletons are covered in the plants' tendrils. These plants and flowers seem to smell quite good, dulling the rot smell. Vials of unknown origin exist on a workbench near by. There is a closed door and a passageway (W & SW). The Southwest passage has fleshy growth that is reaching into the room as much as possible. The Party is unnerved by the plants and skeletons. Coil takes a Wisdom save, and for some reason, those skeletons are what smells good. Coil takes a skeleton arm, and having the arm feels good. Trilby wants to go back and open the other door, but Morenthal disagrees. While they argue, Coil takes his sword straight into a plant. Some tendrils recoil slightly and a tiny screech can be heard. A tiny bit of inky residue is on Coil's hand, and it starts to seep into Coil's armor cracks. Trilby casts Detect Magic (taking the form of a lizard), which picks up the ink residue on the plants (Transmutation) and two filled vials on the alchemist's table. The two vials ping as Abjuration and Enchantment. Coil crosses the room to the West door, ignoring the flesh floor.

A large red pool is in the center of this room. There is scum on top of the pool, and the South wall is collapsed, revealing the flesh again. Several barrels seem to leak into the pool, which smells quite strongly of blood and other liquids. Feyli leads the way into this room, with the rest of the party following hesitantly. Hobson asks Valss about this place. Valss seems to remember this place, and he has a sense of deja vu, though Valss is not sure. For some reason, this place is also familiar to Feyli, and as she looks around, she notices a rise and fall in the blood pool. Is there something in it? The other Party members want the other door, but Coil considers poking it with his sword. To get closer, Coil drags his sword along the flesh floor. The flesh wall reacts and nearly pushes Coil into the pool. Morenthal advances and gets out of some vines that were trying to wrap around him. He warns Hobson in time for Hobson to get back safely.

Morenthal is incredulous as to why Coil and Feyli keep staying in the blood room. Gelnek gives Coil Enhance Ability with Owl sight before going back to Hobson and Trilby. Morenthal tells them to go back to the other door, which they do. Slowly. Feyli continus to hesitate but Morenthal convinces her to keep going. The Party retreats back to the second room, and they open the West door, which is locked. Coil kicks the door, weakening it a small bit. Hobson takes a swing also, managing to nearly break the door down. With another swing, the door breaks so that the doorway is open. (Morenthal wanted to pick the door, but kept getting interrupted). The inside is a small storage room with rotten food and other useless storage items. A table has some magical reagents, and a candle that isn't dripping wax is on a shelf. Feyli goes to look at the flowers, and Coil keeps an eye on her. Morenthal picks up the candle, walks over to Feyli, who has a blank stare, and Morenthal throws the candle onto the flowers, which catch slowly. Feyli snuffs out the fire. As the Party leaves the storage room, Hobson voices his desire to go back to the collapsed tunnel, but Feyli and Coil keep heading back North.

The Party deliberates what to do. They mostly agree to go to the flesh hallway, but Feyli takes another look at the blood pool. The bubble in the pool has approached the Party slightly. Feyli casts Guiding Bolt at the blood pool. *Combat Starts* A large blob of flesh and hand tendril things emerges from the pool. The party is understandably freaked out by this thing, and they prepare to attack from the plant room. The creature attacks Feyli, absorbing the blood it draws into itself. After pushing it back a few times, Feyli is able to kill it with another Guiding Bolt. It dissolves into the blood pool, joining the scum. The Party is relieved, but Feyli is still curious about the blood pool room. The idea of the room feels familiar, and it feels like it was a resource for this place. With nothing better to do, the Party heads through the flesh hallway, but they are immediately met by a scaley wall. Hobson attempts to cut through, but it fails to go through the scales. Coil tries to claw his way through the gap Hobson found. There does not appear to be an opening. Coil and Feyli go back to the blood room and attempt to cut through the flesh wall again. It tightens and releases as Coil digs into it with his claws. Morenthal and Trilby head back to the collapsed hall in the South. Finally, the Party follows.

The collapsed entrance opens into a small natural cave. The cave opens further to the South. Another inky skeleton lays on the floor, getting nibbled on by crab-like creatures that scatter as the Party approaches. Coil once again feels compelled to it, but is able to resist if he wants. Coil takes another bone off the skeleton. As he puts this other bone with the older bone, he notices the older bone no longer looking inky. The ink from the new finger bone also goes into Coil. The cave continues for a bit, but another cave in opens back into a library. The library doesn't seem to have much left of value as the environment has made stuff here rot. Two more inky skeletons are on the floor. In the Northeast, a large opening leads to another flesh tunnel. It almost sounds like a heartbeat. Feyli takes a book, the **Unknown Journal**. She reads a passage which tells the tale of a cult for the **Brood Mother** and rituals for some ravenous entity. A picture of a shard is drawn in the shape of a jagged staff. The negative space almost glows. As Hobson casts Detect Magic, he notices another door in the Northwest pings as magic, but the journal doesn't.

Coil opens the door in the NW, which appears to be a storage room for the library. Books are thrown haphazardly around, but an iron locker catches Coil's eye and pings Hobson's Detect Magic as Enchantment and Divine. Gelneck casts Knock on the locker, feigning hitting it. This works, and it opens, revealing a number of arcane scrolls, a **Cloak of Protection** with a **Golden Amulet** on it. Additionally, an Adventurer's Kit is in here, wrapped in a **Magic Rope**. The scrolls seem to be **Spell Scrolls** that may need more time to examine. The amulet has a carving of a sun on it, which is the symbol of Ophena (Goddess of Light). This Amulet is very nice, which may not be something an average Crown's Guard would have. Hobson takes all of the stuff mentioned with the exception of the spell scrolls. Hobson puts the Cloak on, but will need to Attune to it later for benefits. On to the flesh cave then!

The water here seems to be diluted acid that sizzles the Party's shoes. The tunnel wraps around a bit, and a tear opens into the remnants of a bathroom. A locked door to the South of this bathroom. Trilby saunters forward and unlocks the door. Somehow. Morenthal is even more shocked by this development. A bed with a long decayd body on it is in this adjacent room. More scale walls have collapsed this room. As Hobson enters this room, Valss has a major reaction to it. Valss has been here before, and he knows the person on the bed. Valss knows he's been here before. There's also a fancy dresser with linens that Feyli and Trilby dive into. The stuff in here is perfectly folded...including a folded sheet. Seems otherwise normal. A skull adorns the top for decoration, which is actually a reference to the Brood Mother, one of the **Fallen Gods** that is potentially still worshiped. Back to the flesh cave!

As the Party continues, the sound of a heartbeat continues to grow louder. The water on the ground ripples in time. Another opening leads to a dead kitchen, with a mirage muffin. Nothing here seems to be out of the ordinary, and any food here is long gone or rotten. A door in the South exists, and the Party goes through. Four rusted cages are in this room. The western most cage has a female humanoid is being claimed by flesh tenticles. She is wearing the garb of the Crown's Guard, which Trilby recognizes as **Merabeth**. The lock on the cage is broken, and Morenthal can't get it open. Coil tries to and fails to break the bars ont he cage. Hobson rolls two Nat 20s to easily open the locking mechanism. Coil sucessfully pulls Merabeth out of the flesh tendril's grasp, and she is now free and breathing. A door to the South opens to a dead end with another scale wall. Further into the flesh cave then!

Another humanoid is entirely covered in flesh tenticles in this flesh tunnel. Something white is in the water. Trilby knows this as *Graywill Lander*, The leader of this Crown's Guard expedition. He's clearly dead. Coil goes to take out the glowy thing, which is the Orb of Recall that the Crown's Guard previously had. Further South in this flesh tunnel is the heart: A large mass of flesh that is in time of the heartbeat. Morenthal really does not like this thing due to what happened last time. Feyli sees glowing runes further along the flesh tunnel, which reminds her of ritual casting. Morenthal wants to put Merabeth somewhere safe before examining anything. Gelnek casts Healing Word on Merabeth, which helped her significantly. Hobson also investigates Meerabeth's wounds with Valss's homebrewed ability. The wounds are clearly magically sourced and are some form of corruption, but it is not spreading. Morenthal leans Merabeth against the wall. Feyli heals her further, which helps, but she is still unconcious. Anyway, onto the flesh heart! Except for Morenthal, who is staying with Merabeth.

The Sending Stone that the Crown's Guard had is found here. Feyli sees that first. Gelnek sees a humanoid hand sticking out of the wall, and pulls the wall away to free them. Trilby recognizes that one as *Aster Leywin*. Feyli approaches the heart, which has yet another humanoid that is covered in the tendrils. Odd red ritual runes surround this body. Within this mass is the negative space staff with the glowing staff thing from the Journal. Hobson is able to read the runes, which appear to be in Abyssal and are some form of summoning circle. The body in the heart has a tightly gripped bag. Gelnek collects the Crown's Guards' dogtags. *Linthyn Keessa* appears to be the the one in the heart. While the Party examines this, everyone takes a Wisdom save, as some static noise in their heads grows louder. To the South, a passageway climbs steeply upward into a gaping maw of teeth, which is presumably the mouth. The Party retreats, and Coil grabs the Bag of Holding.

The Party is reminded as to their mission, which is to retrieve the staff artifact with the Bag of Holding without touching the staff directly. The Party starts making their way out of the dungeon without the staff but with the Bag of Holding and Merabeth, which they do. A quick jaunt has the Party bringing Merabeth to the Dwarven Camp for safety. The Party chooses to take a Long Rest here before heading back into the flesh dungeon. With two Orbs of Return, the Dwarves can leave if they want, and the Party hands one over. With the orb in hand, the Dwarves pack up and head out with Merabeth. Hobson has another blurry vision/dream during this rest: He's in the bedroom from the dungeon, and a drow in front pleads with Hobson. Someone behind Hobson attacks the Drow before the memories of the corpse mingle with the dream. The remainder of the rest is uneventful.

Trilby opens his Bag of Many Things once more, pulling out a **Green Dragon Scale** larger than his fist. Hobson also feels a greater sense of comfort as he has attuned to the Cloak of Protection. Gelnek talks to Coil about his relationship with Feyli, and how close they are. Gelnek admires Coil for being such a great warrior and for never seeming confused. Coil admires Gelnek for his leadership with wisdom and charisma. Coil also mentions how he's often confused, so he often does as he is told. Valss has one more memory. He and his group were looking for something, but that something wasn't here. They struck the statue with the spear. The group was sent there for a reason, and the drow on the bed was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Coil wants to inspect the inky stuff that has been crawling inside of his armor. His hand feels surprisingly good, as if it had just been well exercised. Now, for the last time: back to the flesh heart!

Trilby activates Scrubbins in Protector mode, granting 5 temp HP to all. As the Party approaches and prepares to strike, the Heart also reacts. *Combat Starts.* The Heart reanimates the corpses with the fleshy tendrils into distirbing puppets, and the rumbling knocks everyone except Hobson prone. Trilby eats a red jelly bean from the Hag, gaining 9 temp HP (added on top of the 5). With a mighty slice from his greatsword, Coil finally cleaves the heart in two. The staff is suspended in the air for a second before it falls to the ground, the runes fading. The remaining puppet knights fall to the ground. Gelnek uses the Bag of Holding to scoop up the staff. Trilby, almost in a trance, walks over and attempts to grab the staff. With Gelnek at an 18 and Trilby at a 17, the staff is sealed into the Bag of Holding. The hissing of the dungeon is now gone, and while the meat tunnels are rotting, they have not dissipated. The Party peaces out with the Orb of Return, bringing the Crown's Guard corpses back with them. The Party returns to the **Crown's Guard Barracks** and await Borey to talk with them. The Party is now Level 5! End Session.
