## Session 6: Hunters or Hunted?

We open in the basment of the Crown's Guard barraks, and the guards carry the dead Crown's Guard while other guards go to get Borey. Gelnek congratulates and thanks the Party, declaring they will be very strong in the future. A moment later, Borey greets the party, inviting them to talk in his office. He expresses his gratitude for Merabeth's return. The Party gives him the Bag of Holding which he places into a safe. Borey says he'll contact those who want it, and they'll likely arrive by airship in a few days. The Party returns the Sending Stones and Orb of Recall back to Borey. Their reward will be given later, so the Party leaves. Filgrove appears to be bustling as normal, and the air is crisp with the late fall air. Judging by the sun, it is about 4-5 PM, and the rest of the day is open. For rest and cleaning up, the Party heads off to the Brass Squid once again.

Gelnek goes to a table and calls for a feast after sucessfully completing their quest. Gavel gladly obliges and brings out a bunch of food. They regale the tales of heroism and the dungeon. Gavel insists that it is on the house, but Gelnek gives them 5 gp compensation. The remaining two rooms that are free are reserved for the Party on the house for real this time. Hobson asks about any experiences the Party has had with adventures. Feyli mentions how other adventures she has been on were of similar danger and risk. One of the miners comes over and thanks the Party with a round of drinks. Morenthal is impressed Gelnek can make so much food disappear in such a disgusting manner. Trilby is very quiet and barely eating, mostly because he's absolutely exhausted. Coil, having a sealed mouth, cannot eat anything. Trilby and Coil head off to Trilby's house for bath and sleeping. The remainder of the Party wash off and take the two rooms reserved. Gelnek has a quick conversation about Feyli's favorite flower, which is a rose. He also thinks Feyli knows Gelnek is not wise. Gelnek gives Feyli a hug, hoping to help put the past to rest. Feyli returns the hug, and finally addresses him as double leader. Feyli and Morenthal will room together, and Hobson with Gelnek in another.

We shift over to Trilby and Coil approaching the Hornsferrow estate. Trilby tells his mom that he's home, and she's quite relieved. He introduces Coil to <span style="color:teal">**Melinda**</span>, his mother. Melinda thanks Coil for keeping Trilby safe. She says that Trilby can do whatever he wants, since Trilby will attempt to do anything he puts his mind to. Melinda brings Trilby and Coil to a bathroom with two basins for tubs and the wonderful bucket. Trilby is doing the standard "Mom! Don't embarass me!" thing, and Melinda isn't having any of it. Coil is invited to stay over for the night. The two of them wash up for dinner. Three other people join Melinda, Trilby and Coil for dinner: <span style="color:teal">**Dora**</span> and <span style="color:teal">**Derby**</span>, Trilby's siblings, and <span style="color:teal">**Ficesious**</span>, Trilby's father. Ficesious leans on a Crown's Guard cane and sports a well-maintained gray beard. Trilby recounts the adventures of the Party. Ficesious tells Trilby to tell him and Melinda about any more adventures, especially how long it may take. He is, however, very grateful to Coil for keeping Trilby safe. Dora whispers to Coil that Trilby's going to get scolded after Coil leaves, which Melinda shuts down immediately. For sleep, Melinda prepares the nicest chair in the house for the Coil. She's also going to have a talk with Trilby, or more acturately a stern talking to about who and how long adventures go. Trilby is then tucked in by mom. 

Overnight, Morenthal wakes Feyli up quietly and asks her seriously, "Who are you?" Morenthal holds her shoulder so she doesn't bolt upright. Feyli is clearly freaking out, and Morenthal brings up the 24,000 gp bounty. Feyli is terrified about this revelation, and Morenthal tries to calm her. He tells her that other people are looking for her, so he needs to know who Feyli is. Feyli claims that she knows too much, and Morenthal asks if she's running from something. Morenthal claims he wants to help, and Feyli is skeptical. Feyli asks what Morenthal knows about he Midnight Lotus, to which he replies that he knows only whispers. Feyli tells him to keep it that way. Based on that fact, Morenthal realizes just how much trouble she's in. Feyli expresses her disbelief that a bounty would be placed on her head rather than just a straight assassination. Feyli doesn't know who to trust, but Morenthal points out that he could've turned her in a while ago, and that he's in Filgrove for a reason as well. Feyli has been on the run for a few months, and came to Filgrove after meeting Coil. The bounty is still fairly fresh, so Morenthal offers two options: make Feyli "disappear" publically, or confront the cult that put the hit on her. Coil knows none of this, but Feyli trusts him. Feyli wants Coil to stay out of this, which Morenthal says is no longer an option. Currently, only one person is going for the bounty, but the longer it exists, the more that will come. Time is running out, so they need to make a move in the morning. Feyli lets it slip that she may have been part of the cult, and Morenthal realizes what type of "running away" it is. Morenthal expresses that he doesn't care about her past or present, but he cares about the Party's safety, as this cult is dangerous. Morenthal resolves to help Feyli, as long as Coil is brought in. Feyli is skeptical of Coil believing her, but Morenthal is confident in Coil's loyalty and kindness. In fact, Morenthal is confident that the Party will not abandon Feyli, so they are all stuck together. The remainder of the night passes uneventfully.

Trilby tinkers with the Void Crystal and Scrubbins. Now, it glows a teal green, and the Force Balista mode is capapble of pulling an enemy by 5 feet in addition to pushing 5 ft.  Trilby and Coil head off to the rest of the Party, and Melinda reminds him to tell them if he's going adventuring. Everyone convenes at the Tavern. Hobson and Valse talk about the dreams and visions. Valse recalls being important and powerful, but he doesn't recall much beyond that. Hobson points out the visions resemble Filgrove and the flesh dungeon in the past. Perhaps finding the familiar person from the first vision will help the two of them figure out who Valse is. Hobson wonders if the Party should know about Valse, if not the Patron, then the name. Trilby gets to open the Bag of Many Thing, pulling out a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Vintage Year Wine**</span> (Nineteen Nintye) from <span style="color:brown">**Maple**</span> Farms. Hobson knows the brand, as his family lives out there, and so Trilby gives the bottle to him. The Party heads off to Borey for the payment, which isn't here yet. They then head off to the Green Ravens to resume their Monster Hunter experience (the options have not changed). The Party once again decides to go after the Void Snail in the cave about 2 days away.

The Party goes around town for preparation. Gelnek goes to buy a Chain Shirt in Filgrove from <span style="color:coral">**The Steel Workbench**</span>. For some reason, Gelnek is terrified of the Dwarven lady running the shop. Trilby remembers to tell his mom about the monster hunt, and she thanks him. Shana provides the Party with some soup to eat right before the fight with the Void Snail (it grants advantage on STR checks). Trilby wants to get some upgrades to his crossbow or bolts, but there are neither upgrades nor the gold for it. Morenthal buys 20 arrows to refill his quiver. Hobson asks Borey about town history or records, to which Borey replies there are some residential records, and some elders that may know things. Borey does not recognize the name Valse. There seems to be an increase in traffic heading east, and a small crowd is forming at the southern gate. With no other preparations, the Party heads off to find the Void Snail to the West. 

Along the path, the Party comes across a long forgotten battlefield, any equipment here is long since rusted into nothingness. The first evening is fairly calm, but Gelnek wants to do a friendly spar. Hobson decides to spar with Gelnek, and the two of them trade attack rolls a few times. Hobson performs surprisingly well, while Gelnek fails to hit Hobson. Trilby seeing that Gelnek didn't obliterate Hobson calls that he wants to spar too. Gelnek avoids that confrontation, but Hobson accepts the challenge. Hobson 1-shots Trilby by tapping him in the ribs. The Party performs standard watches and sleep cycles. Trilby works on the Dragon Scale for several hours, but it isn't quite finished. Unfortunately, staying up this late grants him a level of Exhaustion. In the morning, Trilby pulls once again from the Bag, pulling out a normal torch. Hobson wakes a bit earlier than the rest of the Party and tries to do some drills and a workout. Coil makes sure Trilby is doing alright, and Trilby says the Dragon Scale is being transformed for Gelnek. It takes about 3/4 of the day to get to the <span style="color:brown">**Void Cave**</span> where the Void Snail should be, so they arrive around 4-5 PM.

Coil leads the Party into the Void Cave. The cave glows purple with the shimmering veins of Void Crystals around him. Hobson uses Detect Magic, which fizzles out, and everyone rolls a d20. Trilby's night vision goggles fitz out, and he immediately starts chugging the soup. He also lights the torch he pulled. The air is best described as full of static electricity. The rest of the Party drinks the soup, gaining the advantage on STR chesk for the next hour. As they continue, they see dried remnants of goo that presumably came from the snail. Some of the more exposed crystals have been broken off and no longer glow. Sounds like metal is coming from deeper in the cave. As they continue, the goo seems to get fresher, but it fortunately doesn't seem to have any melting effects. The Party eventually comes to an artificial opening deeper in the cave, big enough for a 10x10 creature. Beyond this opening, they can see movement that is likey the Void Snail. Gelnek casts Enhance Ability to boost Trilby's CON to normal and giving 6 HP. Unfortunately, hitting the drumb to cast this seems to get the Void Snail's attention. *Begin Combat*

Magic is reduced inside this cave. Any magical effect requires a 10+ on a single d20 roll to take effect. Some of the magic dependent Party members occasionally struggle with this limitation. Morenthal relies on good old bow and arrow to deal damage, and Coil relies on his greatsword. The Void Snail is angry at the Party for destroying its shell, retaliating by swinging its eye stalks. The fresh goo it exudes deals additional acid damage. Gelnek tries to climb up the snail to grapple one of the snail's eyes, which he manages to grab. He proceeds to be flung about by holding the eye. He jumps off just in time to avoid some goo spray from the snail, though Coil and Feyli both get hit by it. Gelnek gets the finishing blow by cutting off one of the Snail's eye as a trophy. The Party starts to break down the Void Snail for monster parts, and Feyli attempts to rip out a fairly good sized Void Crystal, but it breaks. 

The Party heads back to town with uneventful travel, arriving just outside Filgrove. Trilby also gets two more pulls from the Bag. He pulls a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Bronze Chalice**</span>, and a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Hunting Trap**</span> that closes on Trilby's hand. Trilby hands the trap to Feyli. He also works on the Dragon Scale again, managing to complete the project. Trilby gives Gelnek the <span style="color:forestgreen">**Dragon Scale Button**</span>, which grants +1 AC and resistance to Poison damage. They return through the South gate, which has a pair of wagons and tents set up nearby. This is a travelling caravan known as the <span style="color:aqua">**Illustrious Delight**</span>, with various bards and performers. One noticable person is a hulking orange Minotaur playing with cards. The bard is a Gnome, and a Fire Genasi is also part of the group. Trilby does not recognize this specific group, but with All Hallow's Eve approaching, there is likely a festival due to the increased traffic. Morenthal and Feyli don't seem to recognize anyone, but they all make eye-contact Morenthal. The Party brings 5 pieces of Void Snail back to the Green Ravens to forge. Morenthal gets a <span style="color:gray">**Void Headband**</span> and <span style="color:gray">**Void Leather Armor**</span>, and Coil gets a <span style="color:gray">**Void Greatsword**</span>. All this gear will be forged in a few days. CiCi is informed that the Void Snail is dead by the Party.

Around town, a few banners are being hung up around, and the traffic of the city continues to grow thanks to the upcoming festival. Morenthal immediately glimpses a hulking Goliath, recognizing him as <span style="color:teal">**Yuul Greaterfist**</span>, a higher-up in the <span style="color:aqua">**Bloodletters**</span> guild. Yuul does not traditionally take marks. He looks up and makes eye-contact with Morental, and he smiles. End of Session.