## Session 23: Brightcoin Bound!

We open with the Flower Crowns riding the ferry from the ground back up to Northcliff proper. After running through their options, they decide to pursue Coil's letter from Preston Fitzclarance, who is over in Brightcoin. They head over to the Viradescent Javelin to fly there. The crew is talking to various dockworkers, and Azrew asks why there are extra supplies. Grayton says that since they had no idea where they were flying next, he decided to gather extra crates. Azrew sees the Party approach and asks where they're flying. Coil says Brightcoin, and Azrew says it should take about 3 days since they don't know the current weather. A short time later, the Party is up and away on the Viradescent Javelin. As they fly out, the cold and snow gets more apparent. Carva tells Azrew about  bad weather along the way, but Azrew says it should be fine. Trilby pulls from his Bag of Many Things. He pulls out an **Exotic Lizard**, which resembles a miniature dragon minus the wings. It has dark orange or amber scales. Trilby has exactly zero knowledge on how to care for a living creature. Feyli comes over to inspect the lizard. Neither of them really let the lizard get comfortable. Feyli pulls out Solely, who appears to be okay with the lizard. As a result, Feyli adopts the lizard. She thinks that Carva may know what to do. Feyli decides to also pull from her Deck, pulling *The Star* out. The star burns brightly in her eyes, even while closed, and it persists for a while. Nothing else seems to happen. Trilby takes a WIS save at a minus 10, resulting in a negative number. The hairs on the back of his neck stand on edge, but he doesn't see or feel anything else. That night, Feyli's Star card causes her to not get any sleep, and she gains a level of exhaustion. She, Morenthal, and Coil are all awake as a result. Morenthal and Coil are on the top deck, and they hear heavy scraping from below deck. The two of them go downstairs to investigate.

As Morenthal walks along the ship, it shifts slightly to starboard, rolling ever so slightly. He walks into the engine room to see if anything changed, which it hasn't. They head on down to the bottom deck and see six figures that should not be here. Four are walking towards the sleeping Party, ready to strike, and the other two are walking towards Coil & Morenthal. *Combat Begins* in very tight quarters. Morenthal immediately notices that these are the Bloodletters, and one of them recognizes Morenthal. Fortunately, Morenthal and Coil got the jump on them, so they get a surprise round. Morenthal slashes one with his rapier, nearly killing them immediately. Coil finishes the job on the first before turning to attack another one. Feyli is already awake and is able to jump into action, but the other three are sleeping soundly. Morenthal and Coil start cutting into a second one before the assassins finally get to act. The four remaining assassins begin to flank Coil & Morenthal, and a pair strikes at each of them with poisoned daggers. The poison on them is very powerful compared to everything else the Party has seen, but they're single use each. Feyli gives Morenthal some extra healing and attempts to wake up Trilby. Despite shaking him violently, Trilby is still sleeping. She enters her stary form. Hobson and Trilby finally wake up from the noise. The final poison stab hits Morenthal, nearly knocking him out. Coil is allowed to swipe away a second attack towards Morenthal before two attacks go after Coil. Trillby casts Shatter on two assassins, waking Gelnek in the process. Gelnek finishes of another assassin and Feyli heals Morenthal. Hobson, startled by the Shatter, helpfully casts Armor of Agythys on himself and falls out of the hammock. Priscila and Geo also woke up, so they get to work punching the assassins. They also give flanking bonuses to Coil and Morenthal, who each take down an assassin. The final assassin disengages and sprints to jump off the ship. Gelnek, Trilby, and Morenthal all sprint in pursuit. Morenthal grabs some rope on the way up, ties it around his waist, and jumps off after the assassin. Gelnek manages to grab the rope, and Morenthal manages to skydive catch the assassin and hang on for dear life. Combat ends with Gelnek and Trilby the only ones who can hold onto this rope. And it's slipping. The assassin nearly slips out of Morenthal's grasp, but he holds on. Gelnek and Trilby manage to hold onto the rope. Eventually, the group is able to hoist Morenthal and the assassin back on board.

The Party and Viradescent Javelin crew tie up the assassin and make sure everyone else is fine. Trilby goes on a healing binge. Everyone is also waking up and probably not going back to sleep for a while. Morenthal chooses not to reveal the assassin's idenity yet. He also seems to be silent and refuses to talk. Morenthal tells the crew to check the cargo hold to figure out how the assassins got on board. Ardwil goes to tell the captain and Coil, Geo and Priscila go to check the cargo. For the interrogation, Trilby offers Morenthal the Ring of the Handshake in case it is needed, but Morenthal declines. Gelnek reads the room and can tell it is tense, and suspicions are about to rise. Coil, Geo, and Priscila investigate the cargo hold and notice a small circle of glyphs underneath a large crate that is tipped over. Priscila says that it is new. Coil recalls that Grayton was in charge of the large crate. Priscila angrily storms off to confront Grayton. Coil attempts to grab him by the scruff of his neck, but his hand passes straight through. Grayton is an illusion, it seems. Meanwhile, Morenthal gets close to the assassin and begins to interrogate him, whispering so only Trilby and the two of them can hear. Morenthal asks how he got on board and who helped them aboard. The assassin tells about the magic circle below. They had help from a magically disguised individual. The mark was placed on all the Flower Crowns, and the assassins were payed 1700 to carry it out, but it wasn't a full payment. The plan was simply to kill the Party and then jump off the ship. They'd survive the fall with a **Wand of Feather Fall**, which Trilby takes. Morenthal looks over to tell Feyli & Gelnek to see where they are. The ship is a little north of Duskern. The assassin starts to talk to Morenthal, saying that they can work something out. He can break the trail from Yuul Greaterfist. Morenthal thinks that Yuul sent him, but the assassin says that Yuul wasn't the one who sent them, and that the assassin warned Morenthal earlier. Feyli definitely heard that, and she asks Morenthal what is meant by "he warned him." The assassin then notes that Morenthal hasn't collected on Feyli's bounty, obviously trying to sow discord. Morenthal then asks where to meet in Northcliff. The assassin says O'Brian's Mill was the location and that a tall figure, maybe a half-elf or elf was the client.

Morenthal asks how this is going to end, but the assassin knows exactly how it ends, so he asks the question back. Trilby wants to turn him in to the authorities, and Morenthal shuts down that idea. Trilby heads off to mop up some blood. Morenthal knows by now that this is **Molloke Iron**. The last thing Molloke says is that their attack was not from Yuul. But this is how it always ends, and it's just business. Morenthal takes out a dagger and prepares to stab Molloke. Gelenek intervenes, grabbing his arm, saying that Morenthal is a new man and is no longer in this line of work. The two talk it over, and that if Molloke returns, he'll be hunted. Gelnek notes how similar this sounds to Morenthal's position. Molloke confirms how it is going to go. Gelnek notes that assassins don't get taught empathy, to which Morenthal and Molloke both laugh. Gelnek repeats his belief in second chances. Morenthal asks what Molloke wants. Molloke thinks it over, knowing that he'll either be on the run forever or dead. Gelnek proposes a third way out, which would involve honest work. Morenthal is pretty certain that it won't end well. Gelnek asks Feyli what she thinks. Feyli wants to know what is meant before about Molloke warning Morenthal. Molloke recalls that he visited Morenthal in Filgrove months ago about Feyli's bounty. Since it is rude for multiple assassins to go after the same mark, Molloke did not go after Feyli immediately. Morenthal tried to pretend that he was going after Feyli to protect her. That lasted until Yuul informed the guild of Morenthal's desertion. As a result, Feyli doesn't think Molloke should stick around. Gelnek says it isn't looking good for Molloke. Gelnek goes to inform Trilby, Hobson, and Coil about Molloke. Trilby still believes in the Crown's Guard, and he doesn't want Molloke to work for the Flower Crowns. The Party realizes that Molloke doesn't really pose a threat anymore. He's now an outcast of the Bloodletters, and he doesn't even have a vendetta against them. Coil is very neutral about the decision, and Hobson deferrs to the others' decision and knowledge. Both of them were willing to let Molloke live though. Morenthal now is second guessing his decision. Gelnek points out that he knows what being an exile is like. Plus, he could be an ally on Shareza in the far future. Morenthal is pretty sure Molloke won't survive very long with his exile. Molloke was never one for personal vengeance, so Morenthal is confident that he won't come back for the kill. Molloke originally just wanted Morenthal to kill him, but now he wants to prove Morenthal wrong by surviving longer than expected. He asks where the Party's headed, and Coil mentions Brightcoin. Molloke doesn't have a lot of contacts, so he asks to just jump off wherever they currently are.

Gelnek goes and grabs Trilby to get the Wand of Feather Fall back. Trilby just hands it over and goes back to cleaning bodies, content that Molloke won't be murdering them all. The Bloodletters will know about the failed assassination when they get back to Northcliff. The Party unties Molloke and he offers one last word of advice: O'Brian's Mill may have a way of clearing Feyli's bounty. He jumps, and Gelnek uses Message to gell Molloke that it his only second chance. Don't waste it. Molloke acknowledges. The rest of the crew begins to discuss what happens next. The illusion of Grayton disspears after another 10 minutes. Looting the rest of the assassins' bodies, the Party gets the other five Wands of Feather Fall. Feyli finds a pristine gold ring on one of the assassins. Gelnek goes up and thanks Morenthal for sparing Molloke's life. Mornthal thanks Gelnek back for catching him before the stab happened. The Party heads back to sleep, and Feyli gets a Long Rest, but fails to actually sleep. By morning, the effects of The Star finally dissipate, allowing her to sleep. Day two sees Trilby immediately pulling from his bag. He pulls out an **Ivory Chess Pawn** and gives it to Feyli for the lizard to eat. The weather is  very cold and snowy and there is terrible visibility. Coil begins to invesitate what happened to Grayton and checks for other stowaways. Carva cleaned up the teleportation rune. Azrew talks to Coil and shows him an emergency stash of the Wands of Feather Fall the ship always had. It seems like Grayton bailed at some point. However, Azrew was pretty sure that Grayton was incapable of magic. The two of them talk about who they angered or why they angered someone, but both come up with no ideas. Azrew decides to get a bit tighter about security. He'll get Ardwil to check everyone who comes on board and he'll check any cargo personally. For the Party, it's worth it. The rest of the second day continues uneventfully, and Feyli is able to clear her exhaustion. The next morning, Trilby pulls a **Rycefall Land Deed** out of his Bag of Holding. He's a landowner for about an acre there now. In the evening, Coil pulls Feyli aside for a talk.

He asks if she's nervous about everything. She says yes, and Coil repeats that he'll make sure nothing happens to her. She says that they tend to protect each other. In the end, however, she thinks it was the right decision to let Molloke go. Hopefully it will all end well. Feyli also realizes that she also had no diea why they were tying Hobson up each night, so she'll have to ask more questions about the Party's actions. Hobson, meanwhile, asks Morenthal for advice about being under a bounty. Morenthal says that it helps to be as boring as possible and accept the situation. He also mentions that getting paranoid does not help. Thinking on it, he also recalls that the assassins were not going after a bounty. It was just an assassination hit. The two think about Morenthal's stunt earlier, and that he trusted the Party to catch him. The final day closes uneventfully. On the morning of the fourth day, Azrew calls out that the ship is about to arrive at Brightcoin. Brightcoin is massive, sitting on the east coast of Orlon up agains the **Krotos Ocean**. The city is well fortified and serves as an endpoint of the **Merchant's Pass**, the most popular trading route on the continent. It is one of the most populated cities on the planet, and it is mostly populated by humans. The airship docks in the middle class area nestled in the mountains. Azrew gathers the Party and the crew together. He'll take care of the docking fees, and he says that the city is large. Pickpocketers and scammers can exist, so they should be careful. To a minor extent, Coil and Feyli are familiar with the city. He knows where Preston's estate is, over in the minor nobles' district. It will be a bit of a climb, which isn't so good for Trilby. Coil asks if they should go straight there or do something else. Morenthal says they could do some recon and scope the area out. The Party agrees. Trilby takes another WIS save at minus 10 and obviously fails. The same feeling of being watched washes over him. To start asking questions and gathering information, Morenthal says they should find a tavern or inn. He sees a busy tavern named **Skinny Thursdaes** and brings the Party in. The Party walks inside and the bartender asks what they want. The Party recieves five house ales. Morenthal says they could either evesdropp, talk to patrons, or talk to the barkeep. However, since it is actually Thursdae, the bar is packed, and the barkeep can't really talk to them. So, the Party just starts talking and asking around. Most people know that Preston Fitzclarence as a noble. However, a more interesting figure is a candlemaker named **Mr. Wick**, someone who took a small inheretance and went from peseant to noble in a shor time. It seems that these people aren't incredibly helpful. Mr. Wick is also a bit of a party thrower, and one such party is happening tonight.

Without much other information, Morenthal says they could try another bar or head over to the noble district. The Party decides to head on over to the nobles' district. Coil recalls that Preston was introverted and wasn't super social. He only really talked to others for bragging purposes. Presumably, other nobles would be willing to talk dirt about Preston, if the Party can get them to talk. There is also the potential option of going to Mr. Wick's party, pretending to be staff or getting another noble's invitation. If/when the Party heads over to Preston's estate, Feyli should be disguised. Though, she isn't a Tiefling anymore so it may not matter. As they're discussing plans to infiltrate the ball. Coil hears a familiar voice in his mind as he gets a Sending message. Preston mentions that he knows the Party is in town and that he knows Coil knows where he lives. Due to that message, the Party decides the best idea is to go talk to Preston. Hiking on over to the **Preston Estate** takes about a half hour. As they walk up, Coil suggests that not everyone needs to enter, notably Feyli since she has Coil's key. Trilby asks if there is a way for Coil to signal the Party if anything happens. Coil thinks on it and asks if Scrubbins would be capable of doing that. Trilby is able to get Scrubbins to return if released, which could work. Coil takes Scrubbins and tucks it into his scarf. The Party wants to get at least one person inside with Coil, and they go back and forth to figure out who it should be as well as any potential cover stories. They eventually decide on Hobson as the second person to go in with Coil. The rest of the Party should back off from the front gates but not be too far away in case the Scrubbins comes running. Coil and Hobson decide to not pretend that Hobson is the new owner. And with that, Coil knocks on the door. Hobson offers to use Thunderstep if absolutely needed. Preston Fitzclarence opens the door, revealing himself to be a average height Human wearing a black suit and red ascot. He greets them by mentioning that he expected more people, but the two Flower Crown members are welcome. He turns and walks deeper into his house, and the two follow into a sitting room. Preston immediately goes to sit in a larger chair and begins to smoke a pipe. The gala tonight was actually the reason why Preston wanted Coil to be here. Coil wants to know exactly why, so Preston discusses a potential artifact. He doesn't know if it was an artifact or not since the Vaults won't say what was lost. However, a few months ago, Mr. Wick managed to rise to power and fame as a candlemaker. Preston did and investigation, and he found nothing shady or wrong with the man. Two weeks ago, however, Preston began to talk to his noble neighbors. All of them appear to be donating large sums of money to Mr. Wick, and they are also very favorable of the man.

Preston has also been invited to the gala, and as it would a social faux pas to refuse, he will be attending. As a result, he also believes something nefarious may happen to him. Perhaps maybe not his life is at stake, but his own money certainly could be. Therefore, Preston wants the Party to be there, both as protection and as investigators. Something suspicious is going on here. Coil asks what Preston gets out of it, and Preston says he simply wants Mr. Wick out of the nobles district. Coil asks if that is the only thing Preston wants. Prston says yes. Coil then takes a look at the invitation, and sees that Mr. Wick's name is Johnathan. Preston does however have a few stipulations. Someone named **Elzance Constance**, owner of Constance Security has also been working with Mr. Wick. Elzance's father was the designer of the Vaults of Eversteel. Therefore, Johnathan Wick may have some vault of his own, and Preston would like to snoop it out. Preston also requires at least one Flower Crown sticks with Preston for the whole thing. He obviously wants Coil, though it doesn't have to be him. Coil and Hobson think it over and decide that it is a good idea. Preston looks over Coil and Hobson and flat out say they look terrible. Definitely not gala worthy. A shopping trip is in order for everyone before the evening arrives. Hobson asks if Mr. Wick has any bodyguards, and Preston says that Mr. Wick has one notable bodyguard. There is a similar construct in his employ. The gala will also be checking for weapons. Preston says that he could cover the cost of paying for the new clothes since he is paying them. The clothing shop Preston chooses is **Wizards of the Coats** and is owned by an elderly Human named **Taz**. Hobson makes sure Coil is okay, and Coil just says that Preston is insufferable. However, neither of them are completely trusting that Preston has no alterior motive. If nothing else, he is a simple paying client.

Skipping ahead for a ball preview: **John Wick's Estate** is, in a word, extravagent. Rich decorations, flooring, furnature, and everything one could ever want is inside. The manor's great ballroom has a pair of staircases (???). A Half Elf playing the piano is named (???) John Wick's bodyguard is named (???). End of Session.