## Session 7

We open exactly where we left off, with Yuul Greaterfist making eye contact with Morenthal. Yuul moves into an alley soon after. All Hallow's Eve celebration preparations are well underway, but nothing seems to be completely open yet. Gelneks asks about what Hallow's Eve means, and the random person he asks says how it's just a tradition at this point. Historically, it used to signal the end of the Harvest. Gelnek proposes the Party dress up in costumes for the festival, and Morenthal and Feyli agree immediately. Hobson decides to go Peanuts white sheet ghost. Gelnek goes for a slapped together frog costume. Feyli tries to hide her horns by using a deer costume. Coil simply puts a jack-o-lantern over his head. As the Party is buying costumes, someone comes over asks if they will attend to Illustrious Delight show. The show itself seems to be acrobatic, strength tests, and other circus acts. Trilby doesn't need to buy anything, since he has an annual costume he uses every year. Morenthal finds some clothing that is very not-Morenthal in an attempt to hide in his costume.

Morenthal rushes the Party over to Trilby's house so that Trilby can put on his costume. Graster of the Green Ravens pulls Coil aside and asks for a quick word and heads off to the Brass Squid. Coil tells the Party and follows Graster, and the two of them sit in a booth. Graster asks for a favor, no questions asked. He had a fight with the Spears, and someone fled. He offers 100 gp if Coil gets a lead on the kid, 500 gp if the kid is brought in. The Spears are not happy with the person who fled, and since Coil is relatively new, he may have better luck asking. **Trayton Farkle** is the Spears' person that fled: Scrawny human, blond hair, used to wear Spears gear. The Spears can probably be found in the Undercroft or preeching in the Town Square. Meanwhile, the Party continues onward to Trilby's house. Trilby announces he's back and Melinda is introduced to the Party. The Party is welcomed in while Trilby & Melinda heads off to get thee costume ready.

Dora comes over and introduces herself to the Party. Dora comments on how Trilby got yelled at during dinner. Derby is also introduced by Dora, since Derby is shy. Coil arrives during the introduction. Trilby's costume is of a Diplacer Beast. It's just black clothing with a tiny bit of makeup for whiskers and a nose, and a small amount of fabric makes the tail. Gelnek asks Melinda about how Trilby became so strong, and Melinda mentions how smart he is despite not being athletic at all. He asks if anyone would be banished from the tribe (family) if a test was failed, to which Melinda says that she would never banish any of the family. Gelnek takes a moment to absorb that revelation. The Party leaves soon after. Coil informs the Party about what Graster said about the Spears. Gelnek proposes multitasking during the festival and keeping an eye out for the member. Trilby knows of the Burning Spears as a bunch of hoodlums who are known for spreading the word of **The Fire Lord**.

Feyli pulls Morenthal aside and asks why Morenthal is so completely on edge. She also criticizes how dumb Morenthal's disguise is, especially since other people could've seen him put it on. Morenthal is speechless and cannot compute anything, so the two go back to the Party. The Party heads over to the Undercroft except Morenthal goes off alone to the costume shop to get a new costume. It takes longer than expected to pay when Morenthal is suddently attacked. A sharp pain in his back is felt as a white hand clasps over Morenthal's mouth. Presumably Yuul mentions how Morenthal is a deserter and that Molloke didn't even know. Yuul says that Morenthal may not even be the effort Daemon says he is. Yuul throws Morenthal to the ground and starts cleaning the blade. Yuul says that whoever wants to see Morenthal is at the Shard Coast, and that he's got a week before the bounty on Morenthal's head is dead only. As a gesture of "good will", Yuul takes Morenthal's coinpurse. He then heads off to where the Party is with only a few looks from onlookers.

The Party waited near the entrance to the Undercroft as Morenthal comes over. Trilby and Gelnek were discussing activities during the festival. Coil notices the gaping wound and trail of blood on Morenthal's back. Morenthal tries to convice the Party he's fine, but the Party gives him plenty of healing. Gelnek wants revenge, but Morenthal cautions against it, saying that it is the Bloodletters. Gelnek tells Morenthal to let the Party help him. Hobson asks why Morenthal is still alive then, but Morenthal shrugs him off and only calls it a warning. If things go from bad to worse, Morenthal is just going to run again. Trilby tells Morenthal that the festival is mroe important that Morenthal getting stabbed. Anyway, onwards to the Undercroft! Trilby is convinced that his Displacer Beast costume is very scary and runs on ahead. The Party follows closely behind. The Burning Spears's hideout is along the same path as the Vault, so the Party heads over there.

Along the way, Feyli's body is forced into Karshala's shop, and the Party follows. Feyli feels worse and worse as she approaches and she opens the door. Karshala is smiling at her desk, to which Felyi immediately "Nopes" out of by closing the door. The Party goes up to Karshala's shop as Feyli moves to the back of the Party. As Morenthal opens the door, it appears abandoned longer than they've been gone. Feyli sees the same thing, and she is confused. Feyli has no idea where Karshala went, and so Feyli pulls out the deck of cards and pulls one. A 15 on the die reveals **The Tower** card. Feyli sinks into the ground ever so slightly, but it does not bring back Karshala. Trilby heads off to behind the counter, noticing how strange it is for the shop to be abandoned. He casts Detect Magic, which pings the entire shop is full of Illusion magic. Trilby retreats and is concerned. The Party leaves the shop, heading towards the Burning Spears' location. A small space has been set up for the members to gather with torches and sconces creating a bright and warm area.

Stereotypical record scratch as the Party approaches, and the members who were outside turn to look at the Party. A member comes up to the Party and comes over to discuss things. Coil mentions how a Green Raven told them about the missing Spear. The member wants to bring Trayton back safely rather than dead as Graster is likely going to do. The member doesn't know why Graster was fighting with the missing person, but he knows where Trayton went. The Spears offer 600 gp to bring Trayton back safely, to which the Party agrees. To ensure the Party can be trusted, an exerecise must be done. A large pit allows the Party to fight in a scrap and prove their worthiness to The Flame Lord. This relatively nice agreement is thanks to **Han Rathenald**, who is the member that have been talking to the Party. The fight will be even, so the scrap will be with 1 or all the Party members, and the Party decides to go for everyone. Han says anything goes, but preferably nothing lethal. Some Spears draw arcane symbols and the circles for the scrap. They finish soon enough, and the Party steps inside the circle.

The Party makes any final preparations and prepares to fight against a pair of imps and an amporphus fire humanoid. *Begin Combat* The imps immediately attempt to slash at Feyli and Trilby. Gelnek managees to cast Dissonant Whispers on one of the imps, forcing it to run away. Feyli & Morenthal kill it with their Opportunity Attacks. The large fire elemental attempts to attack Coil, as Coil avoids both attacks. Unfortunately, Coil's sword is not exactly up to attacking elementals. Hobson casts some Armor of Agathys and Trilby gets Scrubbins to attack before casting Shatter on both. The elemental is able to stand in other creatures' spaces, causing them to take fire damage. As Coil kills the other imp, it explodes into fire and does a minor burn on Gelnek & Coil. A few slashes and magic attacks later, Gelnek gets the final blow to kill the elemental. As combat ends, Han walks up to the Party to give information. Han asks that Trayton is not given to Graster. Han points to an abandoned farmhouse in the Southwest that is the most likely place to go.

Hobson recalls what the Flame Lord/Tyrant is: a major being from the Fire Plane that was nearly unstoppable. Nearly, because it was sealed away, and the followers try to find out how to bring him back. The Flame Tyrant is one of the Fallen Gods. **Cascos** is the official name of the Flame Lord. Han says that mentioning Cascos or Han to Trayton will be enough. If Trayton wants to leave, then Han says to let them leave. It seeems four people in total may have left, and if they're not at the farmhouse, then there is nothing the Party could do. Armed with this info, Coil thanks the Spears as the Party leaves the Undercroft.