## Session 16: Into the Ring of Fire

Durin the recap, it is revealed that the explosion at the Vaults of Eversteel happened 6 months before the campaign started. We open back in the underground sewer system with Feyli (still a crab) & Coil facing down the three strange water monsters. The rest of the Party is not available, so the only the two of them are there. *Combat Begins.* The center of the waterway is about 7 ft deep, and the edges are about 5 ft deep, filled with water. Coil climbs out of the water and runs up to the creature closest to Feyli the crab. Feyli, realizing she can't do anything as a crab, ends her wildshape in the shallower water and blasts one with Guiding Bolt. The creatures swarm around the pair and claw & swipe at them. One creature grapples Coil by grabbing his leg. It then gets close to Coil and wraps its tenticles around his neck. Coil, however, resists the venom that was injected into his Warforged body. Another creature manags to grapple Coil's arm. The third rushes to Feyli and manages to grapple her in the shallower water. It also attempts to sting Feyli, who resists the paralyzing poision. Feyli sets up a Moonbeam to hit two monsters. Between Coil's might and Feyli's magic, the two of them are able to cut down these monsters one by one. Feyli shoots an Ice Knife at the creature grappling her, but shards hit her, and break concentration on Moonbeam. The two creatures release their grapples to opt for double claw slashes. The one attacking Feyli gets a critcal hit, knocking her unconcious and floating face down in the water. Coil immediately goes to grab Feyli and yanks her out of the water. Feyli takes a death save and succeeds as the other two creatures press their advantage on Coil. One manages to grapple Coil again, but Coil cleaves through the other monster. Feyli takes a death fail. Coil finishes off the final monster and turns his attention to Feyli's wounds. Coil has no potions on him, and as he rifles through Feyli's bag, he sees that neither of them have potions. Trilby transfers his Inspiration over to Coil, who manages to stabilize Feyli using the webbing around the area. Coil picks her up and begins to try to find a walking path out of the sewers. He finds a spiral staircase that goes up to a maintenence closet. A broom seems to have fallen and locked the door from the inside. Coil moves the broom and opens the door to the cool, fresh air outside. He manages to walk back to the Shattered Shield, arriving sometime just before dawn.

Arjuun takes notice of the injured Feyli, and once Coil says she needs some healing, Arjuun goes to find someone. Coil brings her upstairs and wakes Gelnek up for help. Gelnek is discombobulated due to the early morning call. Coil confirms that Gelnek can do healing and brings him over to Feyli's room. He sets her down and puts Gelnek next to her. Gelnek sees that Feyli is hurt and casts a maxed level Healing Word to get her back awake. Feyli wakes up for a second before deciding to go back to sleep again. Coil thanks Gelnek for the heals, and Coil goes to wash off as Gelnek goes back to sleep. Hours pass, and the rest of the Party wake up in the morning. Coil managed to take a Short Rest while Feyli sleeps in for a Long Rest. Trilby grabs the breakfast item of the day: Krabae (Crab) buscuits. Gelnek comes down to join the conversation and breakfast. Coil thanks him again, and Gelnek says how early morning crab training is good for the Party to get stronger. Trilby exlaims that Coil and Feyli went crab battling without the Party. Coil says it was unintentional and what was supposed to be a visit went south. Hobson and Morenthal head downstairs. Gelnek invites Coil to tell the story. Coil recaps how he and Feyli went exploring the sewer tunnels and found the monsters. Coil decides that the Party should probably smash the remaining eggs, and they all agree. Some more time passes and Feyli manages to get her full Long Rest. Just as they all prepare to leave, Feyli comes down to join the Party. Coil informs her of what happened overnight and offers some crabcakes for breakfast. Feyli gets a good laugh out of it before declining. Trilby switches his infusions to his defense button and a Ring of Water Walking. Everyone heads off to the water tunnels to go crush some eggs. They generally don't smell well, and the Party examines the corpses of the crab monsters. Gelnek notices that the creatures were clearly not natural to E'lithia, though their origin is unknown. The eggs have no clear indication of how close they are to hatching. Morenthal suggests burning all but one, which can be kept for study or for asking around. It takes him a number of tries to get a small egg but he does get one. Coil jumps into the water to clear the remaining webbing in the water, seeing the strange purple portal from before. Hobson notes that it pings as Conjuration, and it seems to have been cast several times to make it peremanent. The Party spend the next hour clearing out this section of the tunnel, burning the bodies and the eggs. The Party wonders about who to report the situation to, and they decide to go tell Adokus.

As expected, Adokus can be found in the Crossed Swords, which is fairly empty at this time of day. He greets the Party and asks what their reason for coming is. They explain how they cleared out the crab monsters and their eggs. All except for the singular one, which they hope could be analyzed by someone. Adokus looks to Hobson and says that Valse would probably be the best bet. Hobson takes a phone call, and Valse replies that he has no idea what they are. They probably came from either another plane or deep in the ocean, but the Party did the right thing in clearing them out. Hobson reports that Valse has no idea. Adokus mentions that since he has heard whisperings about the dwindling fish population, there might be something on bulleten boards around the city. He'll be sure to pass the message along to the city maintenance. The Party leaves to try to go find any notes refering to the crab monsters. Along the way, they find a pair of familiar requests. The first is for the iron mines and metal eating pests with a 250gp reward. More information can be found by talking to <span style="color:teal">**Cole**</span>. The other is to figure out the reason for the missing fish somewhere in the western water maintenance area. The request came from a <span style="color:teal">**Chestnut Wicklebee**</span>, and it has a 100gp reward. Many of the other posters are wanted posters for people from Westmont. The Party heads off to the office of Chestnut in the noble district. The fisherman gnome is in this office ranting and raving about the lack of fish. The man at the desk notices the Party and tells the gnome that he'll be talking to the Party now. As the gnome leaves Coil waves and says that the fish should be returning. The gnome thanks the Party for being some level of useful. Coil explains the situation, and the gnome, now realized to be Chestnut, says that if the fish come back, then he'll give the money over. If the Party wants to do more unsavory things, Chestnut knows of a tavern in he older part of town that does that kind of thing. <span style="color:coral">**O'Brian's Mill**</span> is the name of that tavern, and with the password of 3 knocks and "The corn chowder is about ready," will get them in. Chestnut will bring the reward to the Shattered Shield the next day. He actually gives 120 gp for easy dividing across the 6 Party members. Due to the scare of Feyli almost dying, the Party is easily able to buy a number of healing potions. Coil buys two normal potions, Morenthal buys two normal and one greater potions, and Feyli grabs one normal potion. The Party then decides to head on over to roll more gacha rings. Feyli goes first, recieving a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ring of Life & Death**</span>. It grants resistance to Radiant damage but vulnerability to Necrotic damage. She goes again, getting a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ring of Good Times**</span>, which makes Feyli hesitant to put it on. She puts it on immediately and that resentment solidifies. The ring is now stuck to her and she can't take it off. Hobson goes next, pulling a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ring of Sacrifice**</span>. When the wearer drops to 0 HP, the ring will shatter, leaving the wearer at 1 HP instead. Morenthal pulls the <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ring of Death and Life**</span>, which is resistance to Necrotic and vulnereability to Radiant damage. Hobson gets a duplicate number but recieves the <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ring of Planar Anchor**</span>. While wearing this ring, spells that shift planes do not affect he wearer, including demiplanes from Banishment. Trilby recieves a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ring Pop**</span>, which is just the candy, but it regrows. 

The week nears its end, and sometime in the evening at the Shattered Shield, the Party sees Adokus rush inside and comes over. He says that the Party should come to the Spire immediately for an update about the Artifacts. Everyone heads back to the Spire to meet with Ciona in he hologram room. The hologram depicts the <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ring of Flame**</span>, and Ciona begins the meeting. A druidic town in the Ashen Highlands near the <span style="color:coral">**Rift of Fire**</span> in <span style="color:brown">**Mt. Fiorno**</span> has reported that the Ring of Flame was discovered by a townsperson. Soon after, monsters from the nearby swamps attacked the town. This is likely the beest chance to track down and recover the Ring of Flame. It is best if the Party left tonight in order to get there as fast as possible. The journey should take about three days. The monsters kidnapped a member of the tribe, who Ciona suspects has the Ring. Gelnek seems to be concerned about traveling through the swamps, even hoping that it might be in the nearby volcano instead. The Party plans on fire resistant and poison resistant gear. They settle on Potions of Lesser Restoration, buying five for the group for 50 gp each. Each Party member except Gelnek takes one. Gelnek has apparently multiclassed into Paladin, which allows him to cure diseases. Gelnek asks about specific creature types, and Ciona replies that it was various frog people and plants that did the attack. The village, led by <span style="color:teal">**Flint Emberhorn**</span>, is made up mostly of Humans, Elves, and Half-Elves. With all their preparations made, the Party heads off to the Viradescent Javelin to fly off. Morenthal asks Gelnek if there is something wrong with the swamp. Gelnek replies that it could be territory of the O'Stanke tribe, so he does not want to meet with them again. He will improvise if needed. Morenthal reminds him that the Party is here for everyone. The two of them need to learn that they don't need to work alone all the time. Everyone boards and the airship heads southward towards the Ashen Highlands. The night passes uneventfully, and in the morning, favorable winds and clear skies accompany the airship. The tailwind saves them about a half-day's worth of travel. On deck, several Party members see a large distinctive cloud in the sky. Sun rays pass through, ever so slightly revealing the shadows of some kind of structure. Azrew notes that they're populated by Sky Giants, and they should not be disturbed. The airship is in no danger of getting close to them, though. On the ground below, a large valley opens up to an equally large city filled with gothic & industrial architecture. Azrew calls it <span style="color:brown">**Duskern**</span>, which used to be a major mining hub. It also houses the royal catacombs. Nothing else happens during this first day. Trilby pulls out of his Bag of Holding, he gets a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Large Silver Fork**</span>, <span style="color:lightgreen">**Large Animal Droppings**</span>, and a bottle of <span style="color:lightgreen">**Alchemist's Fire**</span>. Feyli decides to pull a card from her Tarot Deck. She pulls *The Lovers*, causing everything on her person, including her clothing, to vanish into smoke.

The second day of travel sees the airship fly through a massive thunderstorm, likely losing the time they gained earlier. Despite heavy rain and a lot of lightning, the ship continues as normal. About one day after Feyli pulled her card, all of her stuff returns. The third day of travel is uneventful. The weather is again clear, with perfect visibility. The airship passes through a larger than normal cloud, and Ardwil casts a fishing line over, losing his bait during the attempt. By nightfall, the Ashen Highlands come into view. Mt. Fiorno's insides glows red from the magma. Some structures can be seen built into the side of the volcano. Gelnek calls the Party together for a group meeting. Gelnek says that the nearby swamp is likely territory of the O'Stanke tribe. Gelnek should not meet them as his pilgrimage is not yet complete, and he is not ready to meet them again. Meeting them early is considered an insult to the previous pilgrims. Similarly, the Party should not meet them due to its affiliation to Gelnek. With that done, the airship parks near the mountain and Azrew lowers the ladder. The swamp below has a thick layer of fog obscuring most of the swamp. The gulf produces the fog, and it seems unnatural to most of the Party. Gelnek recalls that this is a kind of blight that is slowly swallowing the area. There appears to be a controlled burning ring of fire to keep the blight away from the mountain. The city itself is fairly colorful that is carved out of the natural surrounding stone, and its residents are mostly made up of Fire Genasi. The area is nausiatingly hot, potentially requiring Constitution saves to avoid heat exhaustion. Inside the volcano itself, a shimmering portal to the Elemental Plane of Fire can be seen inside. Flint greets the Party as they get off the ship, telling them to meet him in his home. His home has tiny pools of lava which superheat the room. The Party is fine. Sweaty, but fine. Flint describes how a week ago, creatures from the Swamp attacked a hunting party sent to keep thee blight in check. The beasts captured one member, <span style="color:teal">**Pyre Helmsborn**</span> in the ensuing scuffle. Pyre had been acting strangely hostile and was suddenly able to use magic when he couldn't previously. He was also insistant on wearing heavy gloves, which leads Flint to believing that Pyre has the Ring of Fire. Flint also cools the lava pools & fires inside his home, keeping the Party from being dangerously overheated. What was most concerening was that the monsters were coordinating in groups that don't usually happen. They also seemed to have runes of domination on them, so they were likely attacking against their will. The attackers took Pyre and retreated deeper into the swamp, deeper than they have scouted. As a result, the town has contacted the O'Stanke tribe in the Swamp and made an exchange for tracking Pyre. The trail led East, and the Party is on their own to link up with the hunter Flint sent. That hunter is named <span style="color:teal">**Fervor Ascio**</span>, and he's with O'Stanke guides in the swamp. Hobson asks about the various monsters that attacked. Flint relays that there were some Shambling Mounds, another kind of plant humanoids, members of a race called Woollywogs, and a Froghemoth. Fire and Lightning damage tend to do well enough against these creatures.

With no other useful information, Flint suggests the Party finds a place to rest further down the mountain and away from the heat. Coil checks in on Gelnek, who still doesn't have many ideas right now. Nevertheless, the priority of the Ring is over Gelnek's priority to avoid the O'Stanke. They walk further down the mountain and find a pretty small inn to sleep in. It's still uncomfortablely warm, but at least it is not dangerously hot. The rooms were free at least. The Party debates what to do, but Gelnek decides that he has to face the music. His only appearance change is to take off the skull of a stilborn Tarrasque, allowing his floofy hair to puff out and nearly cover his eyes. Since hats symbolize ranks in the O'Stanke tribe, this might help disguise him. Gelnek also only wants to be refered to as Double Leader and hails from the Fio'quin, which is Vespie's tribe. With this plan in place, Gelnek draws upon his memories of the O'Stanke's nomadic nature and knowledge to try to traverse <span style="color:coral">**The Blighted Swamp**</span> below. They cross a bridge over the fire moat that surrounds the mountain. Once inside the swamp itself, the temperature drops down to the early winter levels that are expected. A clear path from the monster groups is noticed fairly quickly by the Party, and it leads East. Gelnek sees a handful of places where the O'Stanke tribe might camp, but they haven't been occupied for months. He'll probably need to be lucky in order to make contact. Everyone continues to follow the monster trail with Feyli & Gelnek leading the Party, and they fail to be stealthy. They travel for about a day. At one point, the Partyy is crossing a thin muddy bridge surrounded by pools of water. Coil sinks in, and his efforts to keep walking alert some creatures in the pools. Coil & Feyli notice eyestalks raise out of the pools, blink, and then sink back down. Tenticles slither along the ground and reach to grapple Feyli & Hobson who were in the lead. Both manage to dodge as the Froghemoth rises out of the water to attack the Party. End of Session.