## Session 15: A Week of Rest

As the Council works to get more information on future Artifacts, the Party gets about a week off to do what they'd like. They unanimously decide to go shopping in the trade district. They notice a few new shops. First is a farmers market with various fresh produce & crafts. Second is a colorful store with grating music from gramaphone-like devices. This store is run by the Chameleonaire, which appears to be his main base. The Party walks over, some hesitantly, and the Chameleonaire shows off his wares. Some of these items include: $\color{gray}{\textit{Turtle Facemask}}$, allowing the wearer to breathe for 10 minutes in any environment once per day; $\color{gray}{\textit{Boots of Rootross}}$, granting advantage on STR saves and Reactions can be used to avoid being knocked prone; An $\color{gray}{\textit{Immovable Rod}}$, the classic D&D item; $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Obscuring}}$, which can cast Fog Cloud using charges; $\color{gray}{\textit{Storm Boomerang}}$, which can release extra Thunder damage on hits; The $\color{gray}{\textit{Staff of the Magpie}}$, which allows for Locate Object & Fly spells to be cast; The $\color{gray}{\textit{Snow Storm Globe}}$, creating a snow effect when broken; A $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Bag of Holding}}$, the classic D&D item; $\color{gray}{\textit{Wing Wear}}$, which is a leather wing suit that reduces/eliminates fall damage; Some $\color{gray}{\textit{Potions of Water Breathing}}$, $\color{gray}{\textit{Potions of Flight}}$, and $\color{gray}{\textit{Potions of Speed}}$; And a pair of (gacha) games that can be played. One is a game of knowledge for 100 gp per attempt. Winning that grants a $\color{gray}{\textit{Guarantee Orb}}$, which can be shattered to choose the outcome of a roll.

Gelnek decides to try the game, which the Chameleonaire graciously decides to allow the whole Party to attempt together. He pulls a lever and a pair of stools pop out of the store, one of which he sits in. He's also holds some trivia cards, welcoming Gelnek to "Who Wants to be a Chameleonaire." The first question is the name of the planet, which is E'lythia. Gelnek gets some help from Trilby on that one. The second question is the name of the continent, which is Orlon. Gelnek knows that one. The third question is to name three of the Divine Nine. Gelnek names Ather the Breaker, Coil names $\color{teal}{\textbf{Iris}}$. Trilby considers $\color{teal}{\textbf{Zimera}}$, which is a third. Question four is for the name of the Inn in $\color{tan}{\textbf{Filgrove}}$. The Gelnek gets help from Morenthal, who mimes a squid, for the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Brass Squid}}$. Question five is to name the full name of any member of the Council of E'lythia. The Cast goes through all of their notes to try and find last names. Barry, fortunately, took notes. Trilby mentions Kasma, $\color{tan}{\textbf{Horace}}$, and $\color{tan}{\textbf{Nieven's}}$ last names. As Gelnek goes to say Kasma Lundor, however, the Chameleonaire shakes his head "no" when he asks for the final answer. He offers a hint, which is that the three of them are apparently not members of the Council. The Party then remembers that Adokas Thandar was a council member, which is the correct answer. Dan J. then says only one other NPC from the Council has met the Party. Barry correctly recalls Sionia, winning an Inspiration for it. Question six is to name five other cities in E'lythia other than Northcliff and Filgrove. The Party names $\color{tan}{\textbf{Blackfane}}$, $\color{tan}{\textbf{Westmont}}$, $\color{tan}{\textbf{The Shard Coast}}$, $\color{tan}{\textbf{Maple}}$, and $\color{tan}{\textbf{Silverfell}}$. The final four: Question seven is to name the two family names of the farms outside Filgrove, which are the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Grayhorn and Mosswing}}$ farms. The Party had to dig deep for that knowledge. Question eight is to name the owner of the mansion in Ohkross. Morenthal recalls this to be $\color{tan}{\textbf{Everett Darwin}}$. Question nine is the true name of the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Flame Tyrant/Lord}}$-. The Party, unfortunately, does not know. They attempt a 50/50 d20 roll but fail that too. The correct answer was Cascos. The Chameleonaire is willing to ask the final question, and if the Party gets it right, they get the orb. The final question is for the name of the Duke of Filgrove. Saren has this written down as $\color{tan}{\textbf{Berkly Teldonto}}$. However, Morenthal doesn't think the Party knows this, so he attempts to steal the orb while in the middle of the crowd. That was the correct answer, and just as the Chameleonaire was about to hand the orb to Gelnek, Morenthal's attempt critically fails, so the Part does not get the orb. 

The Chameleonaire invites them to play more games if they see each other again, which Gelnek accepts. They turn back to the items. Coil decides to go for the gacha ring pull for 200 gp each. Coil receives a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Point}}$, which is a laser pointer in ring form. It takes a Bonus Action to activate. Hobson goes for the pull as well, getting a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Branding}}$. When wearing this ring and making an unarmed strike, the wearer can brand the target with anything. Trilby is up next, recieving a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Steve}}$, granting advantage on any roll of any creature named Steve. Morenthal is up next, getting a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Watch}}$, which tells the time. It's actually a sundial that always has a correct shadow. Gelnek rolls next, receiving a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Quick Cantrips}}$, which makes any non-damaging cantrip a Bonus Action. Morenthal asks about the Ring of Obscuring in more detail before buying it. It has 3 charges for the Fog Cloud spell, centered on the ring, lasting for 1 minute. It costs 150 gp. Feyli, completely ignoring the Chameleonaire, rolls for rings as well. She gets a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of the Locksmith}}$, which opens any lock with a DC 95 check. Once per day, a d100 can be rolled to try to make the ring work. Trilby asks about what happened to the Chameleonaire's healing bee. He replies that the bee's salve was actually and accidentally a slow poison that would eventually result in sudden death. He is, of course, kidding. Someone else bought it, maybe. Hobson is sitting on a lot of money, so he goes ahead an buys the Bag of Holding for 1000 gp. Morenethal decides to pull another ring. It is the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Bees}}$, which summons a single bee once per day. Feyli also pulls another ring, receiving the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Good Luck}}$. Once per day, she can reroll any attack, save, or attribute check. Morenthal does it one last time, getting the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of the Blade}}$. As an Action, the ring can swap between the ring and a nonmagical longsword.

The Party finally walks away from the Chameleonaire. (*The following events could take place anytime during the rest of the week but are presented in order of the episode*). Those who wanted upgraded weapons or armor are easily able to purchase what they want. One day, as they return to the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Shattered Shield}}$, $\color{tan}{\textbf{Arjun}}$ waves Hobson over. Hobson has received a sealed letter from Adokus. It gives a location & sculptor name for making the statue of Hobson. The statue will be in the trade district, and the sculptor is a Dwarf named $\color{teal}{\textbf{Hubbert Hubbertubbs}}$. Posing is required before the statue itself can be sculpted. Hobson heads off to $\color{tan}{\textbf{Champion's Hall}}$ to try to glean more information about Valse. However, the museum's knowledge was probably exhausted during the tour. Instead, he heads off to $\color{coral}{\textbf{The Grand Library}}$ to research on Valse. Specifically, some kind of depiction or physical description would work. The Library is filled with natural light, catwalks and walkways give access to the bookshelves four stories tall. A massive dragon skeleton is suspended from the ceiling. Hobson manages to find various histories & research papers on the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Champions}}$. The founding was 54 years ago, and they disbanded 46 years ago. The Emperor or Orlon created it four years after the Empire was established. The taskforce was established with the 12 Champions. It was created after the undead mage/lich $\color{teal}{\textbf{Xerafax}}$ was defeated in $\color{tan}{\textbf{Ravenmire}}$. Some other achievements were listed too. They took down an Cyclops in the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Far Reach Mountains}}$ with the Throne of Want; Killing an elemental construct from the Planar Mirror; Defeating a Beholder in the swamps of the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Ashen Highlands}}$; Defeating a Dragon named $\color{teal}{\textbf{Byrella}}$ in the east; Defeating a hell monster near $\color{tan}{\textbf{Geria}}$.

He also gets blurbs about each of the members of the Champions and how they came to join the group. Valse is referred to as V in the documents. V was recommended by Arthur Oathbringer as his Fae ties helped the druidic city of $\color{brown}{\textbf{Riverleaf}}$ contained a rift between planes there. Arthur was a high-ranking knight of Filgrove and was able to solve problems in the North around Filgrove. He helped close the E'lythian side of the rift. He gained his reputation from $\color{brown}{\textbf{The Tusk Wars}}$ in the North. When the Champions disbanded, the feeling was amicable as members chose to retire or just weren't needed as much. Hobson checks to see which of the Champions are still known or believed to be alive at this point. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Eldwin Flyleaf}}$ was an expert thief recruited from jail after breaking into the Vaults of Eversteel. He was recommended by the King of Brightcoin, $\color{teal}{\textbf{Rylen Lendsborough}}$ as he was the only person to steal from the Vaults. Biri is also presumed to be alive at least until contact was lost with her expedition to Shariza. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Lia Sianno}}$ is still alive and known to be a Dragonrider, one of the few left. She's a recluse, but she still showed up for funerals. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Volen Ashblade}}$ died due to old age near the end of the Champions' operating time. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Luth Helder}}$ died about 30 years ago having served the Emperor's family for a long time. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Reed Brushgather}}$ is still alive but is likely imprisoned as no one has seen him in 15 years. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Orsik Frostbeard}}$ is presumed dead after following Valse and crashing on Shariza. $\color{tan}{\textbf{Gregor Timbers}}$ is alive and well in Silverfell. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Shandri Fezim}}$ died about 15 years ago. Several of the older races are still alive, but many of the other humans are aged near death. Except Adokus because Monk things. Hobson looks for various depictions of Valse, and most paintings are of the same one in the museum. Valse has long ears, platinum blond hair, and the gauntlet Hobson has but on both arms. Hobson checks out some of these books with the painting and walks over towards Hubbert.

On the way, he asks Valse if there's any specific location he'd want the statue being created. Valse has high hopes of being right in front of Champions Hall, and he mentions that he's still learning with Hobson about himself. Hobson quickly relays the pose & depictions to Hubbert, and Hubbert says he can see what can be done about the locale. It should take about a week to make the statue. As for the location, for it to be in front of Champions Hall, Hobson should talk to Adokus about it. Hobson heads off to the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Crossed Swords}}$ where Adokus and a Tabaxi woman are arguing. She storms off just as Hobson walks up to Adokus and asks about the location of the statue. Adokus thinks about it and says he'll put in a good word to the right people. Adokus looks after the Tabaxi woman and asks if the Party has run into her. Hobson says that they haven't. Adokas says she was part of a group the Council declined help from since they're willing to step on and over others to get their goal. Hobson is impressed that the Party passed Adokus's high standards then, and he asks for the Tabaxi's name. Adokus says that she was $\color{teal}{\textbf{Ida Barton}}$, and she is part of the $\color{aqua}{\textbf{Crystal United Mercenaries}}$. Adokus offers some sparring time in the Dojo, and Hobson gets some practice and sparring training across the week. Hobson comes to know an Elven woman named $\color{teal}{\textbf{Asha Sparrow}}$, who was personally trained by Adokus.

We swap over to Trilby now, who heads over to the magical post office. It is a bunch of Aarokokra who travel around. Trilby writes a letter while the line slowly crawls forward. He sends the letter and 1000 gp to his family. Trilby also goes back to Champions Hall to take the tour again because he's super obsessed. After the museum closes, $\color{tan}{\textbf{Kaira}}$ goes up and talks to Trilby. She mentions that there's a once a month event in the trade district who are fairly obsessed with the Champions. She invites him, and he immediately accepts. They walk to a smaller tavern named the $\color{coral}{\textbf{Tipsy Golem}}$ where a handful of people are drinking. Other people greet Kaira, and one of the younger people is noticeable. He's an older teen with massive spectacles with uncombed hair and a massive scarf. The teen walks up to Trilby, excited that a new member is joining and introduces himself as $\color{teal}{\textbf{Bifar Clemingsworth}}$. Bifar and Trilby proceed to absolutely geek out over the Champions, going over their achievements and experiences. Trilby's favorite monster they killed was a Wyvern near the islands of $\color{brown}{\textbf{Dreadfrost}}$. Bifar's favorite was, of course, the lich. Bifar has also made a crude clay sculpture of Adokus based on seeing him once in a grocery store. The conversation continues until three figures walk through the tavern's saloon style doors. Two male and one female Humans. The woman comes in with a long smoking pipe, one man is an enormous 6'6" beefcake wall, and the other man has greased black hair and leather jackets. Bifar whispers to Trilby that these are the $\color{aqua}{\textbf{Trench Serpents}}$ and they're no good. The one with the greased hair walks over to the nerds and asks what they're talking about. Trilby says they're talking about the Champions, to which the bully replies that the Champions are long gone and aren't doing anything. The Serpents are gonna be part of the next big thing. When the bully is older, his brother $\color{teal}{\textbf{Josh}}$ is gonna let him join his own party. Trilby asks if he can join, and he introduces himself. The bully replies that the group doesn't need wimps like Trilby, and he tells Trilby to remember the name: $\color{teal}{\textbf{Keith}}$. The big man walks over and drinks Bifar and Trilby's drinks as the two of them leave. They buy snacks from the bar and walk out. The rest of the night livens up once the Serpents leave, and Trilby enjoys nerding out with Bifar. 

Trilby offers to show Adokus the statue that Bifar made. Bifar, completely slack-jawed & amazed, agrees and asks Trilby to record Adokus's full reaction. If they want to see each other sooner than next month's meeting Bifar lives in the West Quarter of the city. Trilby says that he's in the Shattered Shield with a Party that is waiting to go find more Artifacts. Bifar has no idea what Trilby means by said Artifacts or the Vaults blowing up, so Trilby leaves without any further explanation. During the week, Trilby also got five pulls from his Bag of Many Things. Those include: a $\color{lightgreen}{\textbf{Ceramic Mask}}$, a $\color{lightgreen}{\textbf{Clockwork Wolf Statue}}$, a $\color{lightgreen}{\textbf{Simple Leather Helmet}}$, a $\color{lightgreen}{\textbf{Zimera Holy Symbol}}$, and a $\color{lightgreen}{\textbf{Matchbook}}$. Zimera is the Goddess of knowledge, the arcane, and stars. Gelnek wants to get to know more about the Viridescent Javelin's crew, and throughout the week he sees them in the Shattered Shield. The only one he has trouble hunting down is Carva the navigator. Morenthal also follows Gelnek to listen in on various conversations. First up is Gelnek talking to Vespi and Marm, trying to learn more about them and how they became crew for the Airship. Marm claims to have built pretty much the entire engine, one of the first to be fully incorporated into an Airship. He went to $\color{coral}{\textbf{Northcliff University}}$, or NCU for short, in Engineering and Arcane Design. Kasma was one of the professors there. Once built, it isn't likely to explode when damaged, but it does require a lot of maintenance due to its arcane core. The ship itself was commissioned by the Council and the job was offered soon after the engine was a success. Gelnek is concerned about even the potential to explode the Airship and asks why was such technology pursued. Marm simply points out the drastic speed increase for travel as reason enough. Vespi asks Gelnek and Morenthal about how they became adventurers working for the Council. Gelnek repeats his story of being on Pilgrimage for the Ustenki tribe. Vespi tells her own story of the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Fioquin}}$ tribe that merged into a beast tribe coalition known as the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Endavi}}$. She then decided to go on an adventure and see the world. Marm cuts in and says that Vespi snuck aboard while the Airship was making treaties with the Endavi. Marm let her stay since she knew quite a bit about how the Airship works. She'd be willing to visit the Endavi again if they get the chance. 

Gelnek now brings up the Flower Crowns' practice of sharing secrets and invites Marm & Vespi to share if they desire. They agree, and Gelnek starts by saying that Gelnek has never worn shoes but that shoes are his favorite piece of clothing. He hopes to find the perfect pair of shoes. Vespi says that she had previously told Marm that a sleeve got caught in the engine and had ripped it off. In reality, she ripped it off herself because she doesn't like sleeves. Marm's ancient history is that he lied on his resume for NCU. They all turn to Morenthal expectantly, and he's very flustered. He finally says that he doesn't know how to swim, to gasps from the others. Gelnek vows to teach Morenthal how to swim in a pond soon. The next body of water should be when they do the training. Vespi leans over and says that the $\color{coral}{\textbf{Croyfair River}}$ and lake has no restrictions on swimming. Gelnek, says there is no time to lose, grabs Morenthal, and drags him over to the river. The river is well maintained and relatively clear as it runs off the side of the city into the lake below. There is a very old Gnome who is failing to fish and is very cranky about it. Gelnek immediately strips to his undies and jumps into the cool water. Morenthal attempts to walk away but runs into Coil who was wandering the city. Coil asks what they're all doing, and Morenthal tries to leave again. Gelnek calls out that they're training Morenthal on how to swim. After a little banter, Gelnek decides to start smaller, so he goes over to a shallower part of the river for Morenthal to start in. Morenthal protests as Coil grabs his collar and drags him over to the river. Gelnek gives some Bardic Inspiration to Morenthal. Coil walks in, and Morenthal dejectedly accepts his fate. He strips down to his undies, but he keeps the jewelry on, and also walks into the water. They go a little deeper and begin attempts at teaching Morenthal to swim. Fortunately, Morenthal is a quick learner and with Gelnek & Coil assisting he's able to tread water soon enough. At some point, Coil simply walks off underwater and looks for interesting things in the river. Coil finds some grates that have been slightly busted, and water is rushing into the pipes. Said pipes are likely part of Northcliff's plumbing system. He also notices a distinct lack of fish in the river, which he tells to the Gnome. Coil tells Gelnek and Morenthal about the underwater tunnel that someone has probably broken into. Gelnek and Morenthal go to dry off into the inn. Some other time during the week, Gelnek gets a chain shirt for armor and converts his maraca mace into a maraca warhammer. He also tries to find someone who can convert his big base drum into a shield and drum combination.

Coil decides to explore the tunnel in the river. The grate appears to have been intentionally broken. He follows the twisting tunnel for a few hundred feet before the space expands into a wider channel with an arched ceiling. This appears to be some kind of sewer or plumbing maintenance area. Firefly lanterns hang on the walls, dimly lighting up the space. The channel goes on far into the distance, and similar pipes flow into the channel along the tunnel. At the end of the hallway, a fork in the channel exists, creating two other paths. One looks identical to the channel Coil came from. The left has a shimmering circle underwater. The doors that line the walkways in that tunnel are sealed by moss or mildew. Coil goes to check the glowy circle. As he walks, the mysterious plant growth becomes more evident, and it appears to be pink or tan. A watermelon sized orb is tangled in that growth, giving off an occasional pulse. Coil makes a note of that and gets ready to leave, just catching something entering the water. Taking a closer look, a figure with a humanoid upper body, a crustacean lower body, and a mess of tentacles for a face peeled off of the moss to approach Coil. Coil waves at it, and the creature clicks a few times in the water, summoning two more of the creatures. Coil walks away and the creatures eventually stop following him. Coil returns to the inn. Sometime else during the week, Hobson hears a different voice in his head that is not Valse. Gregor Timbers used Sending to tell Hobson to meet him at the $\color{coral}{\textbf{Temple of the Dawnmaiden}}$ in the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Crystal Circle}}$. The Dawnmaiden is another term for Ophina. Hobson gets some directions to the Crystal Circle and heads off to the temples. Without too much effort, he arrives at the temple and finds a pair of figures. One is immediately recognizable as Gregor Timbers. The other is a member of the clergy for Ophelia, and one of his arms is made of stone, opal to be precise. Said arm seems to be fine. Gregor introduces the figure as $\color{teal}{\textbf{Beckett Maxwell}}$ who will be assisting with what comes next. They walk into a private room near the back of the temple. In the center is a four foot wide pool on a bird bath-like pedestal with mirror smooth water. Beckett starts gathering spell components as Gregor begins a speech about magical artifacts leaving arcane footprints. With this concept, Gregor intends to prove whether or not the Valse in Hobson's gauntlet is indeed the Champion V. Beckett touches the gauntlet, extracting some white magical memories before putting it in the pool.

Gregor holds his hand over the pool and several scenes of V's time in the Champions are scrolled through quickly, including faces & combat scenarios. Eventually, Gregor slows down to a scene of an Airship with Orsik and Valse heading towards Arthur's castle in the sky. The next scene sees Valse looking up to Arthur after a fight happened. Arthur siezes up before a white explosion fills the vision. As the white fades, Orsik is seen crawling towards Valse, beaten and bloody. Fleshy faces & hands try to push through his skin. Noticeably, this perspective is no longer from Valse's person, but rather the gauntlet. Orsik lifts up the gauntlet, with various magical runes dancing across his skin. Orsik says to the gauntlet that his time is up but maybe Valse can survive. Orsik pulls out a scroll before the view is plunged into darkness. Fast forward to an Elven man uncovering the gauntlet from some underground place. This archeologist collector takes the gauntlet back to an estate and begins to research into it. The final scene is the gauntlet being put into a crate and sealed before being sent to Gregor. Hobson, however, opened up the box first. Gregor says that Hobson was telling the truth, and though he tries to hide it, he's rather stunned by the whole series of visions. He tells Beckett to prepare something, which Beckett does. Gregor turns to Hobson and says that while he wants his property back, Hobson is still useful to the Council and Adokus at this moment. He asks once for now: does Hobson want to be free of this gauntlet. Hobson asks what happens to Valse if the gauntlet comes off, and nobody knows. Hobson is alright with parting with the skills from the gauntlet, but he's concerned about what happens to Valse. Hobson actually brings up the fact that Valse has been obsessed with a statue. Gregor doesn't know since Valse of the Champions tended to stay out of the public eye. However, since the gauntlet Valse is missing memories, that could have something to do with it. Hobson checks in Valse silently, and Valse says the statue was nice, but he doesn't feel like that was an end goal. Valse still has no idea how the two are communicating nor does he have any idea what happens if the gauntlet is removed. Hobson turns to Gregor and replies that he wants to get the gauntlet off but he also wants to confirm that Valse would be okay. Due to Hobson's hesitance, Gregor motions to Beckett to stop preparing whatever ritual was about to happen. Hobson's arcana check determines the ritual was probably something to remove the gauntlet and was probably divine in nature. He's not sure what exact spell it would be though. Hobson asks Gregor if Gregor's okay with Hobson keeping the gauntlet. Gregor says that he'll keep looking into keeping Valse alive in some extraction process. But he's okay with Hobson borrowing the gauntlet for now. Hobson asks if Gregor knows who sent the gauntlet to him. Gregor doesn't know, but the gauntlet was apparently recovered somewhere outside of Brightcoin.

Beckett excuses himself at this point. Gregor has a slightly better, but not good, impression of Hobson. Hobson asks Gregor for his thoughts in Valse. Gregor bluntly says that Valse was "an idiot prankster," though he was capable. It goes without saying that Hobson is fired from the mail job, which was expected. At least Hobson has found good friends to go adventuring with. Gregor says goodbye and teleports out of the room, leaving Hobson alone. Hobson leaves to go talk to Adokus, who's impressed Hobson is alive after meeting Gregor. Adokus says Gregor is rough around the edges but probably cares for the Champions deep down. Hobson himself is surprised that he's grown attached to the gauntlet due to how much sleep he's lost over it. Hobson then asks if Adokus knows specifically why Valse joined the Champions on Arthur's request. Adokus hesitantly asks if Valse has talked about Arthur at all, especially since he was quite close to Arthur. Valse was also the only Champion with knowledge and experience with planar travel, especially the Feywild and the Elemental Planes. There's nothing else for Hobson to ask about, so he goes home. Meanwhile, Feyli wants to go find the best money she can buy. She goes to get a new set of hide armor +1 for 1000gp, reminding herself that she's had hide armor the entire time. She still buys the upgrade. She also decides to go for another Chameleonaire gacha ring pull. She gets a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Telescoping Ring}}$, which can expand into a telescope, granting advantage on perception checks of things over 500 ft away. She rolls a fourth time this session, getting a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Probing}}$. While wearing the ring, that finger is immune to elemental damage. Only the finger. She also decides to buy a Cloak of Protection for 1500 gp, granting +1 to AC and Saving Throws. Feyli relaxes and enjoys the calmness in Northcliff's forests that exist. She's finally going to be able to put the Midnight Lotus and Black Hand behind her. 

Trilby tinkers with Scrubbins again, and talking to Marm, the byproduct of Scrubbins sounds similar to how Marm and Vespi infuse Blue Void Crystal to things. Thus, said byprodcut may be able to be infused into other items as well, if the byproduct was made again. Mechanically, this means that a d20 gets rolled to produce byproducts anytime Scrubbins is summoned for combat. On a natural 1, however, Scrubbins does not function for the summon time. Trilby decides to go for this plan and modifies Scrubbins accordingly. Trilby also shows off the statue from Bifar to Adokus. Adokus gets a twinkle in his eye and wants to thank Bifar personally for it. Assuming Bifar is okay with it. Trilby says that he has Bifar's address, so they can go now. And so they do. Bifar's sister opens the door and calls Bifar over. Bifar runs over and freezes when he sees Adokus. Trilby explains why Adokus is there, and Bifar runs to Adokus as a crying rambling mess. Adokus enjoys this fan's gushing. Bifar invites them for dinner, and they accept. Trilby realizes he could've been nerding out so much harder. Afterward, Adokus thanks Trilby for the experience. It has been a while since he got to enjoy the spotlight. The two go their separate ways for the night. Coil goes to tell Feyli about his sewer adventures, especially about the moss & crab people. Feyli has no clue, but says that they might be friendly. Respecting nature would result in nature respecting people. Feyli wants to visit them, and since she could wildshape into a fish, she could take the same route Coil did. And so they set off back the aqueducts at night. Feyli decides to become a crab and hang onto Coil. They easily follow the path back to the weird creatures and moss orb.

Feyli decides to approach the purple underwater ring as a stealthy crab. It appears that the growth has grown into some kind of webbing with fish bones stuck inside. More plant life is seen past the tunnel. A fish gets caught in the net and is immediately plucked by the creatures seen by Coil before. Feyli can immediately tell these are not considered beasts but something more alien. Feyli approaches the orb inside of the purple ring, which is about 5 ft in diameter. The other side of the ring seems to continue upward to the surface and sky, for some reason. The ring appears to cut a boundary between the brick wall on Coils side and the life-filled water on the other side. There are some crabs on the other side of the ring are eating the moss. Feyli approaches as a crab and talks to them. The weird creatures are dangerous to the crabs and appeared twenty cycles (days) ago. They don't cross the hole though. Feyli decides to do something extremely dumb and gets closer to the creatures. Coil, at the same time, also approaches the creatures. Said creatures take note of the the both of them, and two jump into the water. As Coil approaches, he sees more of the white orbs and realizes that they are all eggs of some kind. End of Session.