## Session 10: Do Airships Have Poop Decks?

We open in the Brass Squid's morning buffet, which is new. Trilby immediately does a pull from his Bag of Many Things, pulling out a **Jingle Bell,** which could be good or bad. He ties it to the hilt of his green ribbon sword. Adokas is also in the tavern, watching the morning crowd and getting some tea. The rest of the Party wakes up as Trilby walks from his home to the Tavern. The Flower Crowns all get some breakfast at the Brass Squid to get one last round of hashbrowns. They go through their list of loose threads. The Burning Spears are probably okay and their secrets are kept for a reason. They say goodbye to Derek, who tells Gavel. Gavel comes over to ask if it is true that the Party is leaving, and they confirm it. Gelnek asks if there is a trinket to remember the Party's origins in Filgrove and the Brass Squid. Gavel retrieves a **First Edition Tankard** with a Brass Squid emblem on the tankard. Gelnek takes it and trades one of his mace marraccas for it. Gavel promises to do display it prominantly. The rest of the Party thank him for his hospitality. He asks where the Party is headed off to, and the Party replies that they're going to Northcliff, which is in the South for who knows why. With a last goodbye, Gavel and Derek return to work. A this point, Trilby walks in and claims to have said hi to the two Bill Redshirts. Gelnek hopes that the adventure will make Trilby stinkier, so he can bring back stenches to improve his family's stature. Hobson asks the Party if any of them have been to Northcliff. Northcliff is a hub of technology and commerce, an Artificer's paradise. Trilby recalls that the city is built on a floating island that broke off of a massive green void crystal. Northcliff discovered blue void crystals that can absorb magical energy, which makes a semblance of magical electricity.

At this time, Adokas walks over to the Party and asks if there is anything the Party needs to do before they leave. The Party affirms their readiness and willingness to do the job. Adokas tells them to go to the top of the guard tower, which is where the airship is. Gelnek gives a small speech about the Party's growth while they've been together before they all walk over to the guard tower. Adokas explains that they can talk about the contract when they get to Northcliff, but they can talk about the artifacts on the airship itself. They all walk onto the ship and Adokas begins to give introductions to those there. **Azrew Avena** is the Elven captain of the airship, and the trip will be about 4-5 days. The ship is known as the **Viradecent Javelin**, and it is being held aloft by green void crystals. Azrew brings them down to the engine room, introducing a female Goblin and male Gnome, known as **Marmatool Longfeather** and **Vespie**, respectfully. Coil sees that Marma is staring at him. The next location is a large circular space that has various quarters and common sleeping spaces. **Grayton Mule** the Half-Elf, **Priscila** and **Geo** are other crew members on the ship that will be sleeping with the Party. Azrew shows off the empty cargo hold before walking up to the main deck and showing off the 6 ballistas. An Orc named **Ardwil** is performing maintenance on the weapons. Azrew doesn't expect any trouble except over the **Far Reach Mountains**. The Navigator **Carva** is a Green Dragonborn, and while she's elderly, she is clearly experienced. The only rules are to not go into any private quarters, respect the crew, and help with any fights. Trilby immediately wants to ask the engineers about the engine but Azrew tells him to leave the room. Soon, final preparations are made, the sails are unfurled and the ship is set to fly.

The airship rises slightly before heading out of Filgrove. Various NPCs wave goodbye to the ship, but soon, the town is left behind on the horizon. As they reach the cruising speed, the crew relaxes and the Party is allowed to explore as normal. Adokas stands near the bow, looking off into the distance. Gelnek goes up to Carva and asks about her experience and how often airships sail. She says that most airships are rare and concentrated around Northcliff, where 5-6 ships per day happen. This is the first time anyone in the Party other than Coil has been on an airship, but this is by far the most magnificant one. Gelnek asks how long it takes to become an airship navigator, and Carva replies that having a good attunement to weather and nature is a useful skill. As they look around, a Human girl and dry skinned Dwarf work with ropes near the bow. These are Priscila and Geo. Hobson approaches and says hi to them. Priscila is highly wound, and immediately salutes, asking if there's anything to do. Geo is significantly more relaxed and jokes with Hobson. They're just normal deckhands and make conversation with Hobson. Trilby is now able to go talk to the engineers. Marm sees Trilby and asks what he wants to know. Vespie is working with a metalic pen that sparks on pipes. Marm is rather impressed with Scrubbins, especially given that Trilby was able to make it. Marm explains that green void crystal has no byproducts, and Trilby is confused since Scrubbins ocassionaly has some green bird poo, and it only has been doing it since the green void crystal got added. Marm asks about Coil and whether it is attuned to Trilby. Trilby replies that he thinks Coil might be attuned to Feyli, but Marm is lost in thought. Trilby continues to make conversation with Marm. Every once in a while, holographic-like, shimmering circuitry drawn by Vespie's pen can be seen. The two express how impressive the airship is as Marm gets back to work.

By the end of the day, the ship is just north of the Far Reach Mountains, which most of the northern part of Orlon is surrounded by. There are no major civilization centers on the surface. Gelnek calls a team meeting out of earshot of the airship crew. He calls for another secret sharing session as a trust exercise. Since Feyli and Morenthal were not part of the original one, they'll have to learn. Gelnek says that he used to be bad at his drum, specifically when he was young. As a child Goblin, he chewed on and broke many instruments until he found a drum that was tough like steel. It has now been 10 years he's been playing the drum, and he passes the bouquet to someone else. Hobson admits that he expected the Party to be dead within 3 days of meeting each other due to how inexperienced he thought everyone was. Now, though, with a lot more experience, he is a lot more confident in the Party's abilities. Trilby is happy he wasn't the only one who thought the Party was doomed to die. Coil goes next, revealing that he occasionally has joint pain. Gelnek asks if he needs some kind of lubricant, and Coil agrees that it might be worth looking into. It's not a problem, but Coil knows that it surprises people, which is why he told them. Trilby is coerced to telling his secret, and he reveals that Scrubbins poops, and he's been burying it behind the Party for a while now. Feyli and Morenthal are understandably confused. Feyli goes below deck in search of a small table. The rest of the Party thought that this may be normal, since everything except Coil poops. Gelnek says that the Scrubbins poop could be usedful for various things. They continue to theorycraft for a bit. Gelnek says that it is Morenthal's turn, but Morenthal immediately goes downstairs to check on Feyli, increasing thier secret debts with the Party.

At this point, Adokas walks up to them and asks about secret sharing. Gelnek says that the secret sharing was between the Party only, and he understands, so he moves on. Below deck, Feyli takes out some herbs, flowers, and a cup of water. Morenthal asks what she's doing. Feyli says that she used to know a potion for metal lubrication that may help Coil's joint pain, but she's forgotten now. Morenthal says a deckhand may help, so Feyli goes to wake up Grayton, who asks if he knows about flowers. Grayton has no idea but suggests asking Carva. Feyli finds Carva in the navigator's room. The two of them return below decks, and Feyli explains her desire to make the the lubricant. Carva looks at the flowers and tells Feyli to grind some flower centers to make the oil. Carva also gives Feyli a vial to collect the oil, and Feyli is easily able to create the oil using the instructions given. Carva gives an approving nod before going back above deck. Morenthal and Feyli discuss secrets, their shared refusal to share any secrets, and Scrubbins' poops. Feyli refuses to accept it, and Morenthal is utterly confused how it could possibly work. They chalk it up to Trilby being Trilby and walk back above deck. Trilby thinks he's figured out why Scrubbins poops. He thinks that the interactions with the green and blue void crystals generates too much power, which results in Scrubbins pooping. Burying these poops probaby does nothing to the environment. Probably. Trilby goes back to trying to make his own healing bee, copied from the Chamillionare. However, he drops his current progress onto the deck, forcing him to restart if/when he gets back to work. It is approaching dinner time, so those on the ship go to grab some nice hearty stew. 

Hobson grabs some food and talks to Valss about if he's been on an airship before. Valss boasts that he's been on an airship due how important he was. Hobson then asks if he's been to Northcliff, and Valss says that he probably was, but it wasn't that much of a big deal. Hobson appreciates that Valss is leaving him alone for a while, and Valss says that Hobson has been doing a good job getting into a large group doing important things. Hobson is happy that he isn't a puppet of Valss anymore, and Hobson hasn't come up with a way fo getting out of their arraingment, so it's good that they're getting along better. The sun continues to set, revealing the clear night sky. The ship continues to fly as Azrew retires for the night, Grayton replaces Priscila and Geo on deck. Trilby goes to Marm and explains why he believes Scrubbins poops. Marm asks if it is okay if they open him up to either figure out how to fix it. Trilby doesn't want to do that since he believes it comes from the excess power. Marm tells him to not leave the poop on the deck. Trilby is also upset that he broke the bee, so Marm suggests that he looks at it during dinner time. Trilby says good night to Marm, but as Trilby leaves, Marm opens up a large hatch that contains a central blue void crystal node. The Party prepares to go to sleep in the hammocks and bunks with the rest of the ariship crew. On the morning of Day 2, the ship is inside some minor turbulance and light rain. Carva tells an awakening Azrew about the potential rough weather, but Azrew decides not to take the 1/2 day penalty of traveling around it. The day shift of crew swaps around as thunder can be heard in the distance. The weather is definitely fairly cool at this altitude, especially above deck, but in the quarters it is still relatively warm. Trilby pulls from his Bag of Many Things, pulling out a **Makeup Compact** that has a pale skin color. Trilby gives it over to Feyli since he has no idea what to do with it. Feyli accepts it but is confused what to do it. 

About midday, off to their starboard side, the tall black spire of **Blackfane** can be seen. Several lights all over the spire can be seen through the fog and rain. It is a major merchant city, and it is also where the Emperor of E'lythia lives. It is distinctly unfriendly to tourists and sightseers since they can take advatnage of them. It is also a really bad place to get caught doing unlawful activity. Hobson asks Azrew if anyone's fallen off the ship, and Azrew says that people only fall off in terrible weather or during sky raids. Trilby asks Azrew about ships that can reach the stars, and while the ship could maybe get up there, but it would probably kill the crew due to asphixiation. Trilby gets crushed multiple times due to the fiction behind the book he was referencing. At some point, Marm walks up to Coil and asks if Coil has a master or is attuned to anyone. Coil doesn't think he has one, and Marm asks if Coil has feelings. Coil was apparently advised against answering that question. Marm says that Coil is a Nobility Cera model of Warforged, and Coil says that Marm probably knows more about Coil's creation. Marm asks if Coil knows about the **Voedia**, which Coil recalls being an extremely ancient civilization that was near the Shard Coast. A **Sunken City of Cera** near **Rycefall** is a popular dungeon delving spot. Most others are servant types or completely pure warriors with weapons instead of hands. Coil, however, seems to have meaningful hands. Marm is impressed that Coil appears to be one of a kind, since most other Warforged are made by mages with too much time on their hands. Marm has a brother named **Estavan Longfeather** that lives in Northcliff that may know more about Coil's past. Coil was probably some kind of protection model, which costs a pretty penny. Collectors, especially in Blackfame, may get a little excited if they saw Coil alone. The Sunken City may be a good place to find more if Coil wants to find out more.

As the second day comes to a close, Trilby works some more on his medical bee, managing to rebuild the chassie he had last time. The Party wakes up on the morning on the third day. The temperature is right at freezing, as heavy snow flakes hit the deck and immediately melt, and the clouds are heavy and thick. Mountain peaks can be seen as Azrew maneuvers around them. Ardwel whispers something to Azrew who then calls out to the hands on deck to keep watch over the surrounding areas. The Party assists in keeping watch. Gelnek says that the ship has to be the largest thing in the sky, so what would attack the ship? Azrew points to a Wyvern that jumps off a mountain peak and goes down along the mountainside. Ardwel and Gelnek hop onto ballistas as everyone else keeps watch. Some of the Party manage to see four figures below the ship that are steadily rising through the sky towards the ship's altitude. *Combat Begins.* Four small, pale wyverns fly above the airship and keep pace about 30 ft above the deck. The Party fight the two wyverns towards the bow just as all four of them board the deck and begin tearing into the Party & crew. Geo and Priscila join the fight just as Adokas, who is apparently a Monk of some kind, strikes rapidly at a nearby wyvern, managing to stun it. With the combined efforts of the crew and Party, the wyverns are beaten back. Coil cleaves one of their arms off, Gelnek taunts one to death, and the other two dissapear into the clouds, ending the combat. The crew checks in on each other as Grayton comes up to clean the deck. 

Adokas confirms that everyone is still standing, with Gelnek claiming it was a great victory. He then asks Adokas if it is possible to cook up one of the wyverns that died on the deck itself, and Adokas says the two of them can figure it out. The two of them manage to get a series of meat cuts out of it, but they also managed to retrieve various trophies and monster parts from the corpse. Gelnek gives Morenthal the poisoned claw/talon in a jar. The remaining of the third day is comparatively calm. Ardwil offers to cook the wyvern meat, since he's the main cook. Gelnek observes the food preparation as Ardwil creates a buffet for everyone on the airship to partake in. Trilby gets yet another pull from his Bag of Many Things, pulling out a **Torquoise Feather**, that starts out white and transitions to torquoise at the tip. The remaining day passes uneventfully. On the morning of the fourth day, Azrew rings a bell for all hands on deck. A large plume of smoke is rising from **Ohkross**, a small village about a day outside of Northcliff. The Party resolves to help the town, so Azrew begins to dive the ship downward. End of Session.
