## Session 11: Friendly Fire is On!

*(Jocat was late to Session, so Gelnek and Jocat's return occurs later.)*
We start on the Airship Viridescent Javelin as it flies down to assist the town of Ohkross. Ohkross is a terraced farming village, and there is a notable manor or mansion on the hillside. Most of the buildings, including the manor, are on fire. Crown's Guard and attackers run around fighting each other. Azru gets the airship close enough for ladders to get onto the ground but doesn't actually land it for safety of the airship. Ardwill and the Party use a ladder to get onto the ground. *Combat Begins.* The attackers appear to be generic highwaymen, but Morenthal notices that there is a red hand smear symbol on their leather breastplate. As they land, villagers, Crown's Guard, and the bandits are all fighting or running in a wild melee where the Party landed. One of the villagers is a female Gnome who has a small amount of healing magic, and she's helping the Crown's Guard's injured. Some of the bandits are fighting the Crown's Guard but others are pillaging and looting Ohkross at will. On the other side of the square the Party landed in is a figure that has a pair of snarling Worgs on chain leashes. That figure seems to be the leader of the bandit group. As Trilby opens with a Scorching Ray barrage, one bandit he hits calls to his companions that they have company. The bandit leader drops the chain leashes and tells his followers to have fun dealing with the Party. The Party launches into combat, helping the Crown's Guard and trying to fend off beast and bandit alike. In the confusion and rain, Morenthal and Felyi each have a misfire into Trilby and Ardwill respectively. Trilby, however, is very capable and is able to Thunderwave most of the enemies down. With the change to the battle, the leader walks toward the Party and calls out to a *Squeaks* that there are toys. A heavy thud is heard soon after the call goes out, but nobody is able to see the source just yet. Trilby is still mad, and he pulls out the Burning Hands spell scroll from a while ago, burning several bandits. Thanks to his superb intellect, the scroll also remains intact. Right after this, the one known as Squeaks appears to fight the Party, and a large boulder slams into some of the Party. Squeaks is a large Hill Giant with the same bloody handprint on his chestpiece. They have a necklace of almost twenty rubber ducks that squeak with each step. 

Hobson gets a final stab on the bandit captain, allowing the Party to focus on Squeaks the Hill Giant. As they all begin to focus fire, Scribbins poops once again, and Morenthal picks it up. Hobson gets his chance to misfire on his Eldritch Blast, but he's able to not hit a teammate. The Party begin to swarm the Giant, and with assitance from the remaining Crown's Guard, they are able to take it down. Combat ends, and the rain begins to put out the fires in the village. The remaining Crown's Guard and civilians begin to deal with anyone who didn't survive the attack. The Gnome lady thanks the Party and asks if she can help the Party in any way. The Party declines initially, and Morenthal asks what happens. The Gnome says the bandits arrived about an hour ago, starting with the manor before moving on to the humble village. Morenthal says that "this isn't like them," but doesn't explain further. Feyli casts Guiding Bolt into the sky to signal the airship to arrive nearby. The Gnome invites the Party into her tavern, introducing herself as $\color{teal}{\textbf{Effie}}$ the innkeeper of $\color{brown}{\textbf{The Mossy Castle}}$. Hobson asks if the village needs any additional protection or help, but Effie says that the remaining Crown's Guard will probably contact a larger city for protection. Effie asks about the Party's importance, since they were on an airship to Northcliff. Trilby says that they call themselves the Flower Crowns. Effie starts to clean up the tavern as the Party goes to talk with the remaining Crown's Guard members. A Half-Elf says that the bandits may have been after $\color{teal}{\textbf{Everett Darwin}}$, a collector who lived in the mansion on the hillside. Everett hasn't been seen in about 10 years though, and he probably wanted to retire. There wasn't anything worthwhile in the village for the bandits to steal, though. Nobody currently lives in the manor according to the townsfolk. The airship parks on the town's outskirts and Ardwill says he's going to head back to the ship. The Party says they will probably stay a while and investigate the manor. *(Jocat and Gelnek arrive at session here.)*

Back on the ship, Ardwill informs captain Azru what happened in Ohkross as Gelnek wakes up from a nap. Gelnek is informed of what just happened, so he goes to meet up with the rest of the Party in the town. The whole Party has a great reunion before mentioning that they're going to investigate the burned manor on the hillside. Gelnek asks Coil for a higher vantage point, but Coil first gets a rubber duck from Squeaks's necklace and asks about it. It's just a normal rubber duck though. Trilby wonders aloud if the town gets many Giants, and a townsperson says that it is rare to see them in Ohkross. However, the Giant was probably with the bandits based on the matching handprint symbol. The Party goes up a path towards the heavily burned and damaged mansion. A brief investigation sees the Party only finding interesting ornamental and ceremonial objects. Hobson, however, uses his Detect Magic to find an illusionary floor section. A short stone passageway leads down to a door. The passageway has some magical torches that light up when the Party walks along the tunnel. The door looks fairly reinforced, and the keyhole is in the center of the door, and a quick failed attempt by Morenthal means it isn't a normal lock. Hobson, meanwhile, just stabs his Adamantine sword into the keyhole, opening the door, which unravels inwards with magical flamboyance. Inside is a miniature puzzle dungeon. The opening room sees dead foliage on four pillars and a fountain with opaque water flowing out of it. There are doors to the North and East, and they appear to be normal residential doors. Morenthal heals a faint rhythmic squelch on the other side of the North door. He opens the door into a small library with a lot of water damage as water drips into the room. An open book sits on a pedestal in the center filled with complicated but imperfect arcane designs, and there is a door to the East. Hobson gleans that this design may be a flawed method for capturing souls. The East door from the Library is opened into a long room with several marble statues depicting several exotic creatures. Morenthal rushes ahead onto the large rug just as Trilby enters the room, triggering an iron gate to cover the door back, trapping the Party. At the end of the room is a large stone lion that turns towards the Party, yellow gem eyes gleaming. 

*Combat Begins.* The lion badly damages Morenthal as Hobson stabs at it with his Adamantine shortsword, which seems to work well against it. For Gelnek's debut in the session, he casts Dissonant Whispers and finds out the lion has no mind to break. The lion manages to spew cold blue flames across parts of the Party, and the rest of the Party begins to surround and take it out, with Morenthal stabbing his Purging Dagger into the lion's eye to end the fight. Morenthal comments that he doesn't think the Bloodletters came down into this dungeon. At the far end of the room is an open door South that leads into a dark room. Morenthal can see a closed chest and a partially skeletal body in front of it. Morenthal doesn't immediately see blood on the floor, but the body is reaching towards the chest, about 10 years old. Morenthal believes it is of Everett, and Trilby asks if they can talk to him. Morenthal says they could ask Bartholomew, nicknamed to Bart. Coil obliges, and Bartholomew gets to shine once more! Bartholomew cannot talk to skeletons, so Coil puts him back. Most of the Party investigates Everett's body and they find a key with "E.D." carved into it. Morenthal opens the chest, revealing some red fabric wrapping a cantaloupe sized piece of softly glowing Amber with many carvings on it. The runes carved into the egg appear to match the ones found in the book. Morenthal and Hobson thus dub it the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Soul Egg}}$<span style="color:forestgreen">**Soul Egg**</span>. As for why the Bloodletters want it, nobody really knows, but Morenthal doesn't like what it could mean. Hopefully Adokas knows what to do with the egg. Morenthal holds onto the egg for now, and the Party walks back to the original room to check the last Eastern door. It opens into an armory with suits of armor and ornate weapons & pottery lying in glass cases. Hobson's Detect Magic doesn't ping off of anything in the room. Morenthal wrests a normal spear off of a statue and throws it to the side. Coil tries to pinch a chalice of some kind just as Morenthal was trying to leave the room. Morenthal is pinned and stabbed by the gate, but the egg is safe. Trilby is on the other side of the door. The armored suits come to life as *combat begins*, again.

As the statues surround Coil, Hobson and Gelnek run up to help. Gelnek joins the friendly fire party, casting Thunderwave on three guards, Hobson, and Coil. Thankfully, the gate does not block line of sight, just movement, and Scrubbins is able to squeeze through the bars. The Party slowly whittles down the animated armor and Morenthal tries to wriggle out from under the bars. Coil manages to kill the remaining two guards, making the gate retract from Morenthal. The Party loots the room as Morenthal immediately exits. Coil thinks that the loot could be given to Ohkross for its monetary value. Hobson grabs the book with the arcane design in it. Everyone leaves the mansion and heads back to town, meeting with Effie to discuss how to divide the loot from the manor's basement. She thanks the Party for the loot as it will help the town rebuild, but the Party doesn't mention the Egg. Morenthal asks Effie about any strange people that have shown up recently, but only a group of newbie adventurers walked through. She says goodbye, and the Party walk back to the airship to get back underway. The airship resumes its journey back to Northcliff, trying to get to the city before nightfall. The weather is still overcast, and the Party takes a Short Rest. Vespi comes over to talk with Gelnek, asking about his backstory. Gelnek recounts the tale of his pilgrimage, and Vespi made her way to civilization after an event with the $\color{aqua}{\textbf{Endavi}}$ tribe off in $\color{brown}{\textbf{Ty'vanera}}$, a continent run by a beast tribe coalition. Vespi herself hails from the $\color{aqua}{\textbf{Fioquin}}$ tribe which joined the coalition, but she joined an adventuring group that had come through at some point. Gelnek is quite happy to have met another Goblinoid creature. Vespi says that it may be possible for her to convince Azru to work with the Party in the future, after the current situation with Adokus is finished. Meanwhile, Feyli gets the fleeting impression of someone watching her, but nothing happens. In just a few more short hours, Azru calls that the airship is approaching their destination of Northcliff. The terrain below sweeps upward into tall cliffs that create a tall natural wall. As the airship crosses, the cliff descends towards a large body of water filled with enormous void crystal structures towering out of it. The inside has massive chains connected to an enormous earthen mass floating above the sea below. The scale of the green void crystals is nearly unimaginable, as is the huge city that sits on top. At the center of the city is a tall, thin spire that outputs bluish energy, and a hexagonally patterned dome can be seen shimmering in the sunlight. A large ring rises to allow access through the city's shield as the airship flies through. The ship docks as Adokus smiles towards the Party, welcoming them to Northcliff. The Party is now Level 6. End of Session.