## Session 13: Seeds of Despair

We open back in the confrence room with the Flower Crowns, Adokus, Casma and Ciona sitting around a table discussing the remaining 10 Artifacts. Adokus gives the Party time to discuss which artifact they would like to try to find first. He says the reward for each artifact returned will be the same as it was for the Staff of Defilement (1250gp per person). Travel accomodations are included, whether it be with the Viradescent Javelin or teleportation. There are currently 3 other teams deemed trustworthy and capable of the search. One is helping the siege at Veru'Il, another is looking for leads in Ty'vanera, and the last is looking for leads in the Shard Coast. Other than the one in Veru'Il, it is unlikely that the Flower Crowns will see them. The Party discusses their options. Nobody wants to do the Desert, and Trilby proposes going to Lafford. Everyone else agrees, though Feyli will be extremely cautious about going there. Adokus hands over some notes written 4 months ago when the divine pulse from the <span style="color:forestgreen">**Flower of Rebirth**</span> was most recently used. The notes also describe how it can be used: The petals can be converted into a poltuce and used on the remains of any previously living creature, including disintigration. This will revive the creature in hours, depending on their condition. The resurrection can be interrupted if the process is disturbed, but it is otherwise more powerful than the Divine Nine. After it is used, a single seed remains & sprouts after about 100 years. The last seed was recovered from <span style="color:brown">**Bluelake**</span> on the west coast of Ty'vanera. The user revived someone close to them before giving the seed to the citadel which then gave it to the Vaults of Eversteel. Lafford is a small village within the Red Clover Thicket, and the energy signature matched the original divine pulse. A single grown vine was the epicenter of the pulse, though no signs of resurrection were found. The seed was also not found in the possession of any villagers the survey team was allowed to search. A disease called Ashen Rot spreads from people who eat undead flesh. Such an undead was found in the bottom of a well, which was cleasned and blesed. While there were energies of necromancy around the town, no evidence of said rituals existed. Lafford was assited by priests of Ophena to help cure the Rot.

The Party agrees to take the job. Adokus recommends the Airship, as the nearest teleportation circle is in Blackfane, and the journey across the mountains would take about the same time. Adokus and the other Council members thank the Party as they head off to another meeting. The Party sets off to the trade district to gain any last second supplies. Feyli gets herself a cloak that can conceil her face as needed. Gelnek grabs a pair of regular Healing Potions and Hobson grabs three for 50gp each. They heal 2d4+2. Trilby, during the Party's next Long Rest, swaps his armored button for Necrotic Resistant armor as his infusion. Hobson and Morenthal both purchase Studded Leather armor for 45gp. Trilby purchases a Chain Shirt for 50gp. Coil gets a Oil of Shock bottle, which takes an Action to apply, lasts 1 minute, and deals an additional 1d4 Lightning damage. Trilby remembers to pull from his Bag of Many Things, pulling out a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Brass Cog**</span> about the size of a shirt button. Feyli tries to delay the departure by sleeping in the night in the inn. Gelnek puts it to a vote, and the Party agrees to rest up back at the inn. Gelnek goes for a 1 on 1 chat with Feyli. Gelnek wants to know if Feyli is alright with the mission, especially since Hobson noticed Feyli was aprehensive about going quickly. Feyli says that if she is recognized in the town, she could easily be killed. She says that The Midnight Lotus & The Black Hand are both based in Lafford, which is why she is scared to go. Gelnek asks why she doesn't want to tell the rest of the Party, and she says that they already know too much. In fact, if they knew more, they might want to kill her themself. Gelnek understands the gravity of the situation, and Feyli says the Party will have to be extremely careful not to mention her by name. Gelnek asks for permission to relay the requirement for extreme caution, without giving additional context, and Feyli agrees. Feyli remembers to give Coil the oil that she made for his joints. She awkwardly tries to walk off before Coil stops her and thanks her. Feyli continues to hide her fears from Coil about going to Lafford. She keeps rambling about staying in Northcliff for even longer. Coil places a hand on her shoulder and asks directly what is wrong. They go into one of their rooms, and Feyli tells Coil that she was part of a bad group based out of Lafford. Coil asks why she never told him, and Feyli says she didn't want to trouble others. Coil says that if the group wants her dead, then the Party can kill them first. Feyli hadn't even considered that as an option. She mentions how the Party can't call her Feyli, and when Coil asks what they should call her, Feyli replies Soly, after her rat friend. Coil reminds her that she is not alone anymore, so that means something at the least. Coil leaves and Feyli writes a note to each party member, placing them in her bag.

Meanwhile, Trilby finishes his infusions and does several tinkering checks for the healing bee, advancing it by one stage. While Party is in the inn, Geo, Grayton and Priscila from the Airship come inside. Apparently the crew was given a day of shore leave, so the Airship couldn't leave that day anyway. As the Party prepares to sleep, Feyli takes another WIS save, getting the same feeling of someone watching her. The feeling fades this time. The morning sun shines brightly on the faint blue barrier of Northcliff. Trilby grabs a pair of muffins as the Party heads off to the Viradescent Javelin. They inform Ardwil of their destination in Lafford. He says it should be smooth sailing for two days. During the trip, Gelnek gives a briefing to the Party about how Feyli has enemies in Lafford so they need to be careful. Trilby also goes over to Marm and Vespie to tell them that he fixed Scrubbins pooping. Marm mentions that Blue Void Crystal is interesting in that it works even when ground up, which is how the magical circuitry exists. Trilby finds that interesting but heads off to do other things like pulling from his Bag. He pulls an <span style="color:lightgreen">**Empty Bottle**</span> out of the bag. He does several more tinker checks on the bee. In fact, he manages to finally finish the <span style="color:forestgreen">**Healing Bee**</span>, which requires attunement. It can heal nearby Party members as a Bonus Action. Feyli decides to pull another card from her Deck, pulling *The Justice*, which is dazzlingly bright. It dissapears soon afterward and Feyli's coinpurse gets a little heavier, as her money is doubled. No other side effects can be felt, but she resists pulling more. Hobson takes the opportunity to talk to Morenthal about getting better at fighting. Morenthal says time and experience would help, but he doesn't want to beat Hobson up for training. His advice is to remember that in the end, its you or the other person and to consider your weapon as an extension of yourself. He offers to teach Hobson some techniques and Hobson agrees. As Hobson goes to write this down, Morenthal sweeps Hobson's feet out from under him. First lesson is to watch hands and feet. Feyli takes yet another WIS save as she gets the feeling of being watched dissipates again.

Ardwil says that the Airship should arrive at sundown, but the Party wants to circle around until the next moring. Morenthal suggests doing a sky spy with Trilby hanging from the airship on a long rope to get a good view of the village. Trilby, surprisingly, is on board with this idea and Ardwil says it is possible. Coil and Feyli are hesitant about the idea of throwing Trilby overboard tied to the ship. Fastforward to throwing Trilby overboard. The trees around here are autumn red & brown with birch-like bark. In the pit of a valley, its West side facing the coast, is Lafford. Looking down, it looks like a small handful of people are walking around with some tents set up. Feyli recalls that the entrance to the Black Hand's HQ is about 2 miles Southwest of the town proper. Ardwil is confused as to why the Party wants to be so dilligent about searching the town. Morenthal simply says they want to look for threats, and Ardwil backs down. Morenthal, with Azrew tie Trilby's rope quite securely. Morenthal tells Coil to hold onto the rope just as he pushes Trilby off the edge. Trilby asked what he should look for but was pushed off before he could get a response. As a result, he looks down at Lafford from 50ft below the ship's deck. It sure looks the same, but Trilby attempts to draw a map of Lafford. Trilby is able to see some people look up and point, and he exchanges waves with someone. With the map done, Trilby calls to be called back up, and Trilby hands over his map. Morenthal confirms that it was, in fact, Lafford and calls for the ship to land. Ardwil obliges. Coil checks in with Trilby, who wants the opposite of uppies. A few minutes later, the Airship touches down and Azrew goes off to buy booze in town if possible. 

The Party walks into the town, and the handful of people they see just look exhausted. <span style="color:coral">**The Cracked Flagon**</span> is the name of the inn in Lafford, which looks relatively warm and inviting. The Ashen Rot probably took a major toll on the town, with several empty houses. Thanks to the tents of the Ophena clerics, the worst has past. As the Party walks around, Feyli, Morenthal, and Gelnek notice the Illustrious Delight's stagecoach is parked here, but none of the members are seen nearby. Though, it could be a separate group's cart rather than the ones from Filgrove. Due to the Airship entrance, the Party had a quite the conspicuous entrance. Nevertheless, the townsfolk are too tired to care. The Party heads off to the inn, which is extremely small, and it may not even have guest rooms. As they walk in, they immediately see Rum, Elm, Gorm, Tesen sitting at a table, and Tesen nods to the Party. Trilby goes to a table as Hobson goes to ask the tavernkeep about the local leader. Azrew is talking with the Human tavernkeep, and he can't sell a bottle to Azrew due to limited stock. In response to Hobson's question, the tavernkeep says Lafford doesn't really have an elected leader. Hobson asks if Lafford could use some help and the tavernkeep says that any lumber yards would appreciate the extra hands. The Party orders some food and drinks, which the tavernkeep gets to work on. The Party discusses where to search, and they decide to look for the lush grove with the vine a few miles North of Lafford. However, it is approaching nighttime so they decide to go in the morning. Rum from Illustrious Delight comes over to greet the Party. Gelnek is skeptical that Illustrious Delight is still neutral with the Flower Crowns, but an insight check shows Rum genuinely has no qualm with them.

Illustrious Delight gets its orders from here, or at least the bosses do. Rum doesn't think most of the townsfolk of Lafford know about the Black Hand & Midnight Lotus being based in Lafford. Rum and Morenthal have an awkward stare down before Rum heads off back to his group. Talking to the tavernkeep, there don't appear to be any guest rooms. The Party and Azrew head back to the ship for sleeping. The Airship is probably not the best course of action for going into the thicket North of Lafford. Azrew would love to know the story of why the Party is here, but the Party is reluctant to say anything. The Party goes to sleep, and Feyli uses a great WIS save to repel the feeling of being watched again. In the morning, Ardwil and Geo were playing cards. The Party gets up and prepares to head off to the thicket. Trilby pulls from his Bag of Many Things, grabbing a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Solid Silver Goblet**</span> out from it. Gelnek goes to ask a hunter for both directions & if there is any dangerous flora or fauna in the thicket. Nothing of note beyond forest creatures. A local folktale says wandering too far to the South at night means you don't come back. And so, the Party sets off to search for the lush green area that contrasts with the orange of the area. The grove has small white flowers on the ground and a gentle slope leading to the vine. The vine itself curls at the tip, as if it were holding a bird feeder. Something, like a flower, was probably hanging off the vine. Hobson's Detect Magic, unsurprisngly, pings as Divine, centered on the vine. Coil looks for a trail, but with the time since the expedition along with the sheer quantity of people who went through here, he doesn't pick up any meaningful trail. Trilby and Gelnek both are unable to find a magical trail.

Since the seed could be anywhere, Hobson floats the idea that they should ask townsfolk. He also says there is only one meaningful culprit. Feyli says that it is a terrible idea to go to the <span style="color:coral">**Black Hand Headquarters**</span>, but the Party doesn't have many other options. They head back to the Airship to tell the crew where they're heading, walking through the town. Tesen is doing some checks on the Illustrious Delight's wagon but is otherwise idle. Back at the ship, the Party tells the crew of their plan to go somewhere dangerous. Feyli recalls that it is about a 1.5 hour walk to the Black Hand HQ. The Party decides that if by the next night there is no sign of them, then the Airship should probably start worrying. Azrew mentions that the flare used at Ohkross could be used again, if possible. Since Ardwil is the only muscle the Airship has, the Party suggests getting real help if needed. They may also need to leave in a hurry. (*Jocat needed to leave for a bit here.*) Gelnek says that he'll stay on the ship if the Party needs him. With nothing else to do, the Party heads off to the South. Unfortunately, nobody knows any illusions for Feyli, but she could wildshape if needed. Since the Party definitely could not blend in, they resolve to go sneaky.

Feyli decides to wildshape when the Party is about 30 minutes away from the HQ. She also leads the party slightly astray to kill more time. The trip takes about 3 hours rather than 2. Coil asks what the plan is, since asking is going to go nowhere. Hobson suggests sneaking in, and Morenthal says killing them all if they get caught is another option. Feyli laughs at the notion of killing them all, since there's probably over 100. Hopefully, the lower ranks are gone, so there will only be 30 higher ups. Trilby suggests asking them nicely. Feyli and Trilby do a mock example of what happens if they talk. It ends with Feyli holding a knife at Trilby's neck, explaining that talking will result in getting killed. Feyli starts going over the defences of the base, including constitution drainers and other various gates. Coil, being a Warforged, may not be affected by said draining systems. He could go in and disable them. The seed is probably in one of the storage rooms locked by the gates. Since the Party probably can't get through the gates, it may be up to Feyli in an animal form to sneak in. The only other way to get the Party is to pretend they are new recruits. They would also need to pretend to be genuinely broken. Trilby is an option, but it isn't the best. But they don't have any others. The only name Feyli says Trilby will need is <span style="color:teal">**Aryc**</span>, one of the recruiters. As long as Trilby doesn't run into Aryc directly, he should be fine. Coil could pretend to be non sentient as his cover. He could also say Trilby built him.

During this discussion, Feyli takes another WIS save and feels the sensation of being watched yet again. the Party is getting close enough that Feyli wildshapes into a cat. Don't worry about Soley the rat, he's safe. Hobson and Morenthal don't have any better ideas of getting in. The only way in is a mound of dirt with some stones marking its location. A secret switch would open it. As the Prty appraoches, Feyli gets a flashback of the first time she was there. Three people and Feyli approach the mount, following an Elven woman who brought her and the three other initiates to the base. The elf explains that there is a lever behind a rock on the left. The rocks move away to reveal the ornate staircase. Back to the present, Coil grabs the lever and opens the door. The stairs descent about 40 ft before leveling out. With their terrible plan in hand, the Party descends. A single torch at the end of the corridor lights up the area. A handful of slits can be seen along this entrance corridor's walls. Feyli notices that it is super quiet, which gives a feeling of unease.

Trilby walks forward, triggering a trap. A pair of gates slam down around Trilby, and a pair of statues surrounding him glare at him with their green glowing eyes. Trilby takes some Poison damage. Feyli gets out of Coil as he begins to try to rip the gates apart. The gates are reinforced and probably unbreakable. Feyli bounds through to the second set of slits, and no further traps trigger. She bounds on ahead, trying to search for a way to disable the traps. Feyli comes across a pile of blood and gore on the ground. She makes a note of it and goes into the lever room. The rest of the Party tries to theory craft on how to get Trilby out. Hobson grabs Trilby and uses Thunder Step to get both of them back towards the entrance. Morenthal & Coil backed up to avoid damage. Feyli, still in cat form, is able to flip the levers that activate the traps and gates. Morenthal and Coil head forward. The statues are still active, but the gates don't slam down, so they can still continue. Each pair of statues in the corridors deal more poison damage, and being low to the floor doesn't do anyting. Feyli goes to check the blood and gets another flashback.

She walks with a group of initiates, that same Elven woman explaining the base. She tells the group to avoid the Northeast and Southwest wings, which are for higher ranks. All other fascilities and staff are available to them. Dormatories are provided if they choose to stay. She welcomes the group to the Midnight Lotus as another member walks up to them. He has wavy brown hair and a severe burn down his collar to his shirt. He says hello before walking past the group. Feyli stops Aryc to introduce herself. Feyli mentions how she is so glad to get her life back, and the cult has proven their abilities to her. Both of them were in dark places before coming to the cult. The flashback ends here. She takes a moment to remember on that moment. Morenthal, Trilby, and Hobson are willing to stay back, not crossing past any more statues. Coil goes through the remaining three statues, taking a decent amount of poison damage along the way. He goes over to Feyli to get her attention. It is still very quiet in the base, but Feyli is able to hear the faint hum of something magical coming from the North. Feyli exits Wilshape so she can converse with Coil. The two of them relay information, before heading to the mirror side's lever room. Hobson asks aloud what the plan is, since the previous one is toast. Trilby replies that they don't have one. Feyli and Coil flip the lever in the other room, shutting off of all the statues' eyes. Feyli checks over Coil, and when Coil admits the statues hurt him, she gives Coil a Cure Wounds. Feyli knows that something is distinctly wrong because of how quiet it is in the base. The rest of the Party could hear that conversation, and they all group up. Feyli is freaking out about the base, but Hobson & Trilby try to get her back on track.

Feyli goes over the different rooms that the seed could be, since it wasn't in either of the level rooms: The higher up members typically are in the North room, a study in the Southwest, and a training room. She heads off to where she saw the blood on the floor, going to a west-most hallway with the Party in tow. Another splatter of blood is on the wall, and Feyli gets another flashback. She and two other members walk down the hallway, about a month after their induction. The work is questionable, but the end goal is undoubtedly worth it. As they are about to enter the study, a bloodcurdling scream is heard and a woman rushes out. She is covered in cuts as she reaches out to the three and begs for help saying she needs to get out. A gaunt human with pale skin and sunken eyes, The Second, walks out of the study and grabs the girl by the hair. He claims she was trying to ruin their mission and that she is a danger if she was ever free. He assures the trio that this outburst won't happen again. He drags the girl screaming back into the study. The Trio begin to have doubts at this point, and the flashback ends. Feyli, a little more sick feeling, leads the Party South in the hallway to the study. As the Party begin to go through the things in the study, Feyli gets yet another flashback. She and Aryc stand side by side near a small stream outside the base, wiping their hands of blood. Aryc has a stern look and says that it is a shame when this happens, something the Second doesn't plan for. A pair of teens had witnessed a member enter the base, sentencing themselves to death in the process. The memory of innocents being killed due to being in the wrong place at the wrong time sticks with with Feyli. As the flashback ends, Feyli is visibly crying but continues to work. The Party is unable to find the seed in this room. Hobson's Detect Magic doesn't find any Divine magic signature of the Flower, but many other schools are detected from the tomes and scrolls on the shelves. They leave to investigate other rooms.

The next room north is where that woman was tortured by the Second. Feyli refuses to go in the room. Inside is an old flayed corpse inside a drawn Necromancy circle. Various torture devices are hung on the walls, and Hobson gets a massive ping of Necromancy. Everyone quickly decides to leave that room alone, but Feyli takes a peek inside, triggering a flashback: She's in the mess hall late at night. Aryc joins with a tankard full of ale. He says that he doesn't remember when he stopped thinking about <span style="color:teal">**Milo**</span>. Feyli tells him to not give up; she thinks about her mom every day. That is her motivation, that is what this has all been for. When they succeed, she can meet Milo and Aryc can meet Feyli's mom. Aryc is afraid that Milo would just hate him even if they succeeded. Feyli asks how Milo could hate Aryc after all the effort they put in. Aryc sighs and ends that line of conversation. Feyli comforts him, as this is the only way for it to work. The flashback ends. The body, she realizes, has wavy brown hair and a scar going across the torso. Feyli, realizing this is Aryc's corpse, she rushes forward to confirm. Inside of the ribcage, there is a bit of metal. Feyli reaches for it, pulling out an ornate silver key. This is the <span style="color:forestgreen">**First's Shrine Key**</span>, which unlocks the door to the <span style="color:coral">**First's Shrine**</span>. Feyli screams in anguish and sobs into Coil as he comes to comfort her. She doesn't understand why they would go after Aryc. By the time she left, he was an assistent to The Second. He never would've even considered betraying the cult. The last Feyli saw of Aryc was when she fled. She recalls seeing someone talking with him as she ran. Coil leads Feyli out of the room, and Feyli knows exactly where the Party needs to go. A solid slab of stone with a handprint & a key shaped impression stands at the North part of the base. Feyli looks to the Party as she places her hand and inserts the key. She turns the key.

A large open space with 8 pillars along the outside greets the Party. A large altar to The First stands in front of them. There two figures near the altar. The altar itself has been opened, revealing a shallow grave with a mass of twisted bones, skulls, and limbs inside. All along the sides of the tomb are sullen and empty corpses. The Second stands above the bones of The First, holding some creature above the grave. He sends waves of black energy from the creature into the bones. Standing guard in front is a large figure known as the <span style="color:teal">**Hand of the First**</span>. They are covered head to toe in plate armor, and their red eyes glare at the Party, clearly ready to defend The Second. The Second looks up to see Feyli, calling out to her and saying that she got his message. He blames her for everything, throwing down the corpse he was holding: Ember. He says that she ruined everything. If she hadn't, then everyone here would still be alive. She stole their salvation, and for what? Feyli replies, claiming all she did was leave because everything here was a lie. The Second counters by saying Feyli knew it was a lie all along. He still claims that she stole The First's Heart, and she still denies it. Coil, standing beside Feyli, draws his sword. The Second notes that she brought friends this time, and he needs more souls to fix the damage Feyli did to The First. Feyli asks why Aryc was killed, and The Second coldly replies that he cared for her. Feyli drops to her knees as the realization sets in. The Second says that the Party could be enough to fix the damage, so the Hand steps towards Coil, sword raised. The Second also raises the numerous corpses, including Ember to help fight. End of Session.