## Session 1: Welcome to Filgrove!

On the continent/world of $\color{brown}{\textbf{Orlon}}$, in the northern defensive city of $\color{brown}{\textbf{Filgrove}}$, the Party met one by one. The tavern they hang out in is known as $\color{coral}{\textbf{The Brass Squid}}$. $\color{green}{\textbf{Hobson (Dan F)}}$ awakes in the middle of the town and proceeds to occasionally be controlled through his bracer. Meanwhile, a cart is making its way into the city of filgrove, pulled by $\color{aqua}{\textbf{The Green Ravens}}$. It is carrying both a Manticore and $\color{goldenrod}{\textbf{Gelnek (Jocat)}}$. As they enter the city, the Green Ravens prep the Manticore, and Gelnek goes to the Brass Squid. Inside the tavern, $\color{darkviolet}{\textbf{Feyli (Nichole)}}$ and $\color{blue}{\textbf{Coil (Saren)}}$ have woken to the morning sun and ordered breakfast. As Gelnek enters, he also orders breakfast, before immediately moving over to Feyli and Coil to join in conversation. During this, $\color{red}{\textbf{Morenthal (Gamb)}}$ has been at the bar with the tavern keeper $\color{teal}{\textbf{Gavel}}$, observing Feyli, Coil, and Gelnek. Morenthal and Gavel exchange some rumors about the three of them. The final party member is pestering the poor captain of the $\color{aqua}{\textbf{Crown's Guard}}$ $\color{teal}{\textbf{Bori}}$ within the $\color{coral}{\textbf{Crown's Guard Tower}}$. $\color{dodgerblue}{\textbf{Trilby (Barry)}}$ is known for his mind and certainly not his body. Trilby once again begs to join and is once again rejected.

As the Party begins to slowly converge on the Brass Squid, a commotion begins over the Green Ravens' captured Manticore. The Party takes notice, though they react differently to said commotion. For unknown reasons, the Green Ravens were told to capture the Manticore alive. As the crowd gawks around the Manticore, Gelnek notices that an amber Mage Hand manages to pick the lock keeping the Manticore inside. The Manticore takes this opportunity to jump out of the cage. *Combat Begins*. The other Green Raven $\color{teal}{\textbf{Hestio}}$ assists in trying to prevent civilian death. The Party helps to slay the Manticore with only one commoner, $\color{teal}{\textbf{Derrick}}$, being in mortal peril. The Manticore is slain fairly easily. Gavel helps Derrick, a worker at the tavern, back inside. Gavel also provides drinks, food, and rooms for the Party. The running joke of Trilby taking 1 damage from everything begins here. The Party makes their way into the Brass Squid, and is thanked by Gavel once again. Gavel mentions ways of making money and taking jobs around Filgrove.

Gelnek proposes that Gelnek should be leader. Such a position is determined by an arm wrestle between Gelnek and Morenthal. Feyli tries to force Gelnek to lose, but Gelnek is able to slam Morenthal's hand to the table, declaring himself Double Leader. Trilby and Hobson immediately accept this development. The first job the Party takes is clearing out Gavel's basement of rats. This is a simple enough task, as only a few mice exist in the basement. After all, Eldritch Blast does wonders on mouse holes (thanks $\color{teal}{\textbf{Valse}}$). Feyli takes pity on the mouse that was outside the hole and adopts it. Hobson, now exhausted, goes to take a rest in the room that Valse reserved. Hobson goes over to the bed and falls asleep on the bed. Valse takes over control and goes back downstairs. With nothing else from Gavel, the Party heads to look at the Help Wanted posters.

After some deliberation, the Party chooses to take up a request from $\color{teal}{\textbf{Miriam Gray}}$ to clear out a Temple of $\color{aqua}{\textbf{The Nine}}$. Trilby goes to tell his family where he's going as well as taking a bath. This is exhausting for him to travel the two blocks to his house. Mirrium Grey is Trilby's neighbor, so the Party goes to her estate to inquire about the job. A small temple was constructed in the Northeast dedicated to the $\color{teal}{\textbf{Nightmother}}$ a long time ago, but it has long since fallen into disrepair. Miriam wants the Party to clear the catacombs and ensure its safety. This job will pay 250 gp. The Party leaves via the Eastern gate and heads off to the Temple, planning to camp overnight in a clearing.

As the sun sets, Feyli pulls out her $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Music Box}}$, which Coil recognizes, but nobody else does, even Feyli. It does not ping from Hobson's Detect Magic as magical. The Party finds a campsite for travelers and prepares to make camp. Gelnek makes a prayer to $\color{teal}{\textbf{Ather the Breaker}}$. before he passes out with Trilby and Hobson. Coil, Feyli, and Morenthal keep watch over the very peaceful night. Hobson takes over from Valse and is confused as to what the party is doing but recovers. It is now Wednesdae in the fall. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Durmin}}$ counter becomes 1. The Party resumes their travel out to the temple as a rain storm rolls in. Gelnek asks Feyli about her Music Box, but Feyli does not remember the box and cannot find it in her bag (the rest of the Party remembers it). Soon enough, the Party encounters a dead village and the dilapidated Temple. The village used to be near a town called $\color{brown}{\textbf{Scarlan}}$. Hobson asks Trilby about taking the bracer off. Said bracer appears to be a spellcasting focus, but it doesn't budge when Hobson tries to remove it.

At the temple, Coil finds an illusion covering the entrance to the catacombs. The Party follows, and Morenthal opens the iron gate entrance. A short series of tunnels leads the Party to a torch-lit room with a humanoid in front of an altar. The humanoid is $\color{teal}{\textbf{Dave}}$ the necromancer, though it practically needs to be spelt out for some in the Party. Dave is rather incompetent as a necromancer and tries to leave peacefully. The Party does a quick huddle to decide on what to do: let him go. Morenthal, knowing that necromancy defiles the Temple of the Nightmother, just murders Dave in cold blood. Feyli searches Dave's belongings and finds a necklace with a sigil on it that greatly disturbs her. Feyli immediately tells them to leave in a brief panic, and the Party does. Feyli says Dave was part of "them," and this freaks her out to a severe degree. Trilby strongly disagrees with killing Dave. The Party begins to travel back to Filgrove.
