## Session 21: Filling the Side Quest Journal

We open in a calm few days in Northcliff as the Flower Crowns uses their downtime to do various activities. Except Morenthal, who remains his introverted self going on walks and sitting in the Shattered Shield's tavern. Trilby continues to tinker with his inventions and read new material at the Grand Library. Coil doesn't do much, but he eventually goes to find Chestnut Wicklebee, the grouchy fisherman of Northcliff. Feyli attempts to research about her new Damphir form as well as going flower hunting for potions. Double Leader Gelnek wanders around Northcliff, trying to learn about the simple life of the citizens. Hobson can be found training at the Crossed Swords dojo, looking at cool stuff in the Grand Library with Trilby, or wandering Northcliff with Gelnek. We then cut over to Coil's visit with Chestnut near the lake in Northcliff. As Coil approaches, Chestnut walks on over and asks for his assistance. His neighbor **Makidoo Blezelbee** has a problem that requires fighting, and since the Party is well suited for that, Chestnut recommended them. Apparently, some people made a "farming" robot, which got constructed to be a combat robot. A few casualties later, and now they need to dismantle it. The robot is currently being held in a barn at **Blezelbee Farms** in the farming district near Old Town. That evening, the Party reconvenes in the tavern and Coil relays the job to everyone but Gelnek & Feyli, who were still wandering around. Trilby is very interested in the death robot. Coil is hesitant to completely destroy it, being a combat robot himself. Trilby, Hobson, and Morenthal all agree, and they plan to ask Gelnek & Feyli once they get back. As they eat, Morenthal realizes that one of Trilby's sides hasn't arrived yet. He tells Hobson this, and they make bets about whether or not Trilby will notice. Hobson bets Morenthal 10 gp that Trilby won't notice before his plate's empty. Eventually, Gelnek & Feyli come back to the tavern. Trilby mentions that the Party might fight a death robot tomorrow. Gelnek is excited to hop back into combat, and Feyli is confused. Coil repeats the story of the neighbor and the death robot. The Party resolves to head over in the late morning or early afternoon. Trilby mentions that he's still hungry, and he & Gelnek discuss the hunger of battle. Soon after, however, Trilby goes into a food coma, which means Morenthal pays up to Hobson. Everyone heads off to sleep, and Hobson gets restrained again.

Hobson succeeds on a WIS save and sleeps in his comparatively uncomfortable position just fine. Coil goes up to ask Feyli if she remembers anything from before. Feyli doesn't think so and is confused, but she'll keep him posted. Coil doesn't elaborate, but he was thinking about the Music Box. Morenthal gets a vision, staring into the endless night sky. A small boat along the river of the dead carries him to a dock. Despite the liquid, white hands push the boat along. As Morenthal disembarks, a path lights up leading to a misty hilltop. There, a wooden bench for two sits. Morenthal looks around, seeing nothing, before sitting on the bench. Nothing happens for a few minutes before a figure sits down next to him. He immediately recognizes this as the Nightmother. She frequently takes the form of someone she has ferried to the other side. In this case, she takes the form of someone Morenthal killed as a job. This spectral form turns towards Morenthal to ask why he torments himself. He already left one family behind, and she doesn't want him to leave another. He doesn't know why, but he always feels the need to run. Nowhere is safe for him, no where is fit for him. The Nightmother asks if he feels safe now. He says yes, since he is with her. Yet, she says, he never reaches out to her, so is she a shackle to him? He replies that she is a comforting leash instead. He's only ever been a tool for others, but he chooses to be a tool to her. The previous form fades, showing the true features of the Nightmother. She says that Morenthal has been a devout follower, so if he desires to be her tool, then she would have him be her champion. She pulls down an eyepatch over her left eye, revealing a blinding red light. His vision is flooded with red before he wakes up. He has recieved *The Blessing of Iris*. The Party wakes up to a cloudy morning. Trilby hears a tapping on the window, which appears to be a folded-up paper airplane. As Trilby opens the window, the Sending paper flutters in and lands on the bed. 

Trilby opens the paper, finding familiar writing from his mother. The funds he's been giving are very generous, and they can probably send his sisters to a good school now. She wants to make sure that he leaves enough for himself. Also, his **Uncle Pancreas** was stationed in Northcliff as far as she knows. Trilby exclaims that his Uncle is in town and rushes downstairs. Meanwhile, Hobson comes downstairs to meet Hubert Hubbertubbs about the statue. The statue was installed outside Champion's Hall near a tree. However, as it was installed, the tree's roots wrapped around the statue, but then Hubert ran away. It also changed pose from a heroic pose to one where he looks down on anyone who looks at it. Hubert calls it a cursed statue, even though he has no idea what happened. Hobson thanks him for the update and decides to head off to check the statue himself. Indeed, the statue now has his smug grin and arms outstretched as if it was welcoming people. The roots have also moved. Hobson feels like something is off, and based on his magical knowledge, he figures out that the distortion he feels is the boundaries between Planes thinning. Hobson asks Valse about it, and Valse confirms that he didn't do anything about it. As Valse thinks about it, he feels like the statue feels like his home. Hobson approaches to get a better look, and Valse pulls Hobson's head to look up at some lotus flowers. Said flowers are extremely vibrant and begin to open, revealing tiny humanoids with wings. Valse tells Hobson to be careful around them, and Hobson tries to sneak away. He thinks he did well. He heads back to the tavern to link up with the Party. Hobson relays the statue story to the Party and that there are pixies in the tree. He asks if the Party should tell someone about it. Trilby and Feyli barely notice a humanoid darting down into the basement. Feyli could tell that it had a tail. She and Trilby get up to go investigate the cellar. Trilby asks Arjuun whether he saw anything go into the cellar. He says no, but asks if it was a rat, and Feyli says yeah, but they can take care of it. Arjuun gives her a key ring to confirm nothing is down there. She unlocks it and the two of them head on down. Hobson also thinks to tell the tour guides of the pixie situation and rushes out.

A decently large cellar is filled with kegs of alcohol and shelves of glassware. Taking a closer look, a table has been disturbed, and a book is sitting on the ground. The candle on the table has a small smoke stream rising up. Trilby is given the lead to approach the table, and Feyli is right behind. Whatever was on the table has been rapidly shoved off. Trilby notices drops of blood, both fresh and new, on the table and floor. Feyli confirms it is blood by licking it, but she can't figure anything else about it. Feyli continues to look around the room as Trilby looks at the book. He recognizes this as a spellbook, but he can't really read it. Some appear to be runes that are edited with Infernal characters. Trilby pockets the book and calls out that they don't want to fight. They just want to know why they're down here. No one responds. Feyli confirms that the cellar is just a normal cellar with no hidden exits. Feyli takes a look at the book and notices that there is a crude depiction of the **Scarlet Harvest**, a Fallen God of blood and destruction. Otherwise empty handed, the two of them head back up. They tell Arjuun that they didn't find anything and head back to the Party. Meanwhile, Hobson is able to warn the tour guide Kaira to hold off on tours for the day and to inform someone at the Spire about the pixies. She can get a hold on her sister at the Spire, and Hobson runs on back, arriving just as Feyli & Trilby head back up. The two of them relay what happened downstairs to the rest of the Party. Before the Party heads off to fight the death robot, Trilby pulls from his Bag of Many Things. He gets a well-made **Handaxe**. Trilby also tells the Party that his Uncle Pancreas is in town, so he might go visit sometime. The Party deliberate about going to the death robot or the pixies first, and they think about what the pixies could mean. Pixies tend to be small and mischevious with magic. They pull pranks, usually remaining invisible while they work magic on their targets. As fey, dealing with them is mostly unknown, and they tend to be resistant to magic themselves. Armed with that knowledge, the Party heads off to Champion's Hall to deal with the pixie problem.

As the Party approaches the statue, Gelnek, Feyli, & Coil notice the distortion between Planes. Feyli & Coil are able to make out that the distortion is aproximately a 10 ft diameter dome. Trilby wonders if they're out of their depth, and Hobson notes that Valse said it was dangerous to go alone. Valse also notes that appeasement is a good idea, but the pixies may ask for something the Party doesn't want to give one. Gelnek pipes up that as a Goblinoid, he is practically cousins to the Fey. Gelnek approaches and greets the pixies. The pixies think Gelnek is cute and gossip about him. One red pixie comes closer to Gelnek and sizes him up. They call other to the others that Gelnek could be cool, and the others swarm around to size up the Party. The red pixie says that the Party has intruded into their garden, so they must want to be a part of the garden. They showed up recently, so they wanted to claim it as theirs. Gelnek mentions that the people here have different methods involving paperwork. They offer to keep the Party here while Gelnek goes to get the papework. He declines, and the pixies instead offer to let Gelnek join the garden. He goes to consult with the Party. Coil mentions that they could set the pixies on some enemies, but Morenthal and Trilby dislike the plan. Trilby decides to talk to the pixies in an attempt to trade with them. The pixies reiterate that the statue and its area are theirs since they were here first. Trilby offers the items in his hand, but the pixes just want them for free. Gelnek steps in to call the items Trilby has great. The pixies, Gelnek, and Trilby continue to go back and forth about the coolness of the items. However, the red pixie appears to want to fight, but they don't actually start anything yet. The pixies huddle up to consider the offer as Gelnek & Trilby ham it up about the two items trading for leaving the area. The pixie gives a final offer: Trilby gives over the item, and they keep their garden. Trilby declines and turns to Gelnek to settle the deal. The lead pixie stomps her foot in the air and snaps her fingers together. (Side Note: As it turns out, the two items were a pair of marbles from Trilby's Bag of Many Things.)

*Combat Begins.* The tree surrounding Valse's statue begins to move, and two other trees at the entrance to the garden begin to animate as well. Surprised, Hobson casts Armor of Agathys on himself and asks Valse for advice. Valse just tells him to hit the pixies hard. Morenthal runs up and turns one into pixie dust, literally. Trilby summons Scrubbins in Force Balista mode. The trees approach the Party and begin to attack, pummeling Feyli, Hobson, and Trilby. Two pixies vanish, and one manages to confuse Trilby. Feyli heals herself so she doesn't die again as Coil begins chopping down some trees. Gelnek begins a bardic performance of Countercharm to assist the Party, and he gives Trilby some bardic inspiration. Hobson decides to summon Valse in his Pixie form, who then fires a psychic ray at a tree. Morenthal shoots an arrow at the red pixie, disintigrating her and freeing Trilby from the confusion spell. Trilby immediately shoots Firebolts at a tree, which appear to be very effective. The trees continue to pummel the Party. The invisible pixies fire spears at Morenthal, but they remain invisible. Feyli continues to heal with spells and her Chalice form. Of note, a handful of her magic stars are red. Gelnek whiffs horribly on his attacks, but he does give Hobson bardic inspiration. Hobson gets Valse to claim the statue, and Morenthal fails to guess where the invisible pixies are. Trilby misses wildly with further Firebolts. The trees keep hitting Coil & Feyli, while one invisible pixie fails to polymorph Morenthal and the other confuses Coil. Coil is able to see through the confusion for now, and manages to destroy the tree in front of him. Gelnek casts Protection from Evil and Goodon Trilby and gives him his last bardic inspiration to protect him further. Hobson backs off of the tree in front of him and blasts a third pixie into dust, freeing Coil from confusion. Trilby also backs off so that he can cast his Firebolts from range, and he finally uses Scrubbins's balista. In revenge, the tree hurls a chunk of marble ground at Trilby, knocking him out cold. The last remainig pixie captures Morenthal within the grasp of Phantasmal Force. It takes the form of Yuul Greaterfist, who stabbed him back in Filgrove. Feyli kills the second tree with a Guiding Bolt shot. Gelnek gets Trilby back on his feet with a Healing Word before attacking & smiting the final tree. He takes it down with his smiting power. Hobson finishes the fight by turning the final pixie into dust, freeing Morenthal from the spell.

Now that it is safer, Hobson takes a look at Valse's statue. It still has the welcoming pose, and the dimensional disturbance is concentrated on the statue. Why it's tied to the statue is unknown, though. Summoned Valse admires the statue in all its -2 CHA glory, but nobody touches it. Hobson introduces the Party to the Valse summon. Now that Valse thinks about it, the whole statue goal wasn't something he wanted, but it was something he was supposed to do. He claims he doesn't remember who told him, but Feyli & Trilby can tell he's holding back. Trilby calls him out, and Valse gives in. As a Champion, he was supposed to get "busywork" done, and he hopes that the Party noticed what the statue actually is for. Valse doesn't want to report the incident, and Morenthal asks if the portal was supposed to happen. He denys it, but he is very clearly lying. Hypothetically, Valse had to do something when the Fey allowed him to the Material Plane. Trilby wants to know what the statue does, and Valse begins to pull Trilby towards it. Hobson stops Trilby and asks Valse what it is. Valse simply says that it's a portal, but he didn't ask questions further. He thinks (and hopes) the pixies were a one-time thing. Morenthal points out that closing the portal would ensure it is a one time event. Valse doesn't like that plan. Gelnek tries to convince Valse to close the portal, as dealing with a problem forever doesn't go over well. Hobson points out that Valse's reputation would falter if he became known as the protector of the gate to the Feywild. Coil mentions that if the deal was to open a portal, then Valse completed his end of the bargain. Valse concedes the point, but if the portal closes, 'they' will come for someone. 'They' potentially includes rulers of the Feywild. Morenthal firmly wants to destroy the statue, unless they can close the portal without destroying the statue. Valse gets in Hobson's face and says that what happens is on Hobson as well. He then goes to the statue, places his hands on it, and closes the portal to the Feywild. He then turns away from the group and dissipates. Hobson thanks him both verbally and mentally. He also wants Valse to tell him about anything else about the situation. Valse simply replies that Hobson doesn't know 'them' like he does. If he did, then they would've kept the portal open. At this point, a random gardener shows up and is in utter disbelief as to what the heck just happened. He then goes off to get more tools to repair the ground.

The Party goes off into town to find a place to take a Short Rest. Coil sees Estevan Longfeather as they pass Moe's Pawn Shop. A 6-ft tall construct is walking next to him. Estevan runs up to Coil when he saw him and apologizes for missing each other. He went digging at Cera and found some neat stuff. Whenever the Party has the time, they should meet up again. The construct is just a large mech controlled by Cog. Estevan calls Cog over and calls the suit Cog's combat form. As the Party rests, a commotion occurs in the street. A drow woman with an augmented arm, leather armor, and an eyepatch is running around with a wanted poster. She holds it up and Morenthal sees that it's a student from **Westmont**(?). A scrawny golden Dragonborn ran away, and they're a pretty powerful and dangerous mage. Trilby & Feyli exchange looks which makes her suspicious, but the drow woman continues onward. She also carries a greatsword with a blue-green glow to it. After they leave, Trilby and Feyli mention that the humanoid at the tavern had a yellow or gold tail. Trilby mentions that since he's got the spellbook, they could show the drow woman. But first, they have a death robot to take down and a Short Rest to take. Hobson takes and fails a WIS save, becoming overwhelmed by a sense of drowsiness. He gets a vision of swirling purple void, and he feels weightless, as if he was underwater. He believes he can move as he wills it. Eventually, he notices the figure of Lady Belle. She appears confused before she realizes what's happening. The two can finally converse freely. She asks why Hobson ties himself up at night, and Hobson says he was concerned what she was doing in his body. She replies that she doesn't use magic, so she wanted to try it out. The two agree to work together to get the gauntlet off. She tells him not to worry too much about the bounties, since she just collects him. She warns him that Morenthal would be dangerous. Hobson says he'll keep it in mind, but that he also trusts Morenthal. Hobson asks if there is anything he can do to help her. Lady Belle relays that Vin said Hobson hesitated when asked if the gauntlet could be taken off. Hobson replies that he knows of one way to take it off, but the method could destroy Valse. Hobson asks if Lady Belle's Alt Valse is also named Valse, and she is pretty sure it is. They are probably different fragments. She is also willing to try the method since she doesn't care about Alt Valse, but she'll respect Hobson's choice. If anything changes, like Alt Valse becoming dangerous or a safer method being found, they can figure out a location to meet. Hobson also doesn't need to get tied up at night anymore. As they decide to leave, a noise from the Party wakes him back up to reality. Hobson relays what happened during the vision, specifically that they don't need to tie him up at night anymore. But at least they can rest easy for now, but the death robot awaits. End of Session.