## Session 2

The Party continues to travel back to Filgrove. Hobson inquiries about Feyli, Coil, and Morenthal knowing about necromancy, but none of them give an answer immediately. Trilby is still angry about killing Dave. Feyli finally opens up slightly about the sigil on the necklace, and Trilby realizes that he recognizes it: An open hand dragging downwards, the symbol of **The Black Hand**. The Black Hand is a false god of Orlon with a mysterious following. The Party resolves to deal with any further necromancers via torture if it happens again, though Trilby is hesitant. Dave was alone at the Temple, and he was incompetant, so the Party has likely not gained the attention of the Black Hand.

The Party returns to Filgrove and is met by Hestio of the Green Ravens. He asks the Party for extra hands and help, especially with the missing persons incidents. There are now 9 people missing, with the first being two months ago. The Party agrees to look into the missing persons cases after returning to Merriam and finishing their current quest. Trilby remembers to get groceries and flowers for Merriam, so the Party does a quick shopping trip. Notably, the produce is very large and plentiful. The Party returns back to Merriam and briefly explains what happened. The Party is paid 252 gp in order to divide amongst the Party evenly (42 gp each).

Having finished that, the Party goes back to the Green Ravens to be briefed on the missing persons by Hestio. He also introduces the other Green Ravens: **Tain**; **Uldar**; **Vera**; **Cici (Cubaricubari)**; **Graster**; **Shana**. (Shana has the symbol of **Ophena**, a bright star, on her chestplate). There are nine people known and reported missing, with the latest being the man that put the mark on the Manticore. Hestio hands over the lockpick that was used as well. **The Missing People** include: *Edra*, *Vlorn*, *Sybil* (Adventurers); *Bren Grayhorn* (Farmer); *Flint* (Green Raven); *Joyce Elm* (Alchemist's daughter); *Ersis Cinderjaw* (Crown’s Guard); *Thomas Redbear *(Commissioner); *Ivil Banel* (Merchant). Side note, Thomas is a member of the **Burning Spears**, which is a group that focuses on the **Flame Tyrant**. The reward for this job can vary based on what the Party wants, including gp or a favor with **The Duke**. With diligent note-taking by Hobson and Gelnek (and posted in their Discord), the Party goes off to ask for more information.

Their first stop is the pawn shop **Bits and Bobs** to ask about who could’ve bought the lockpick used on the Manticore cage. Trilby knows where this shop is and leads the Party there. **Biggleton Whippersnap** is the owner of the store and has something for Trilby, but first the Party asks about the lockpick. Biggleton realizes the lockpick in question was stolen from a lockpick set he has for sale. Refusing to sell an incomplete set for full price, he gives it to Trilby for 1 gp. Occasionally, members of the Burning Spears, notable for their red robes, enter the shop. Yesterdae, a Spear named **Han Rathenal** came in to buy an oil can. The gift to Trilby is a **Bag of Many Things** covered by a **Brass Puzzle**. The bag can only be accessed after solving the puzzle, and Trilby owes Biggleton some items from the bag. Everyone tries the puzzle, but it doesn’t open yet.

The next stop is the Alchemist’s shop, **The Serpent's Flower**, headed by **Jemma Elm**. Her daughter Joyce has been missing for a month. Joyce had been sneaking out to the Brass Squid to meet with friends, including the barmaid **Merra**. Feyli takes special attention to this specific missing person, and is relieved that only the Party has been inquiring deeply into the cases. Hobson asks about sleep potions/draughts, and Jemma offers a **Milk of the Poppy** potion for 10 gp. Hobson is clearly trying to prevent or reduce the Valss possessions. Morenthals asks about various potions (Poison Resistance, Healing Potions, True Strike, Cold/Electric enchanted oil, which the Party cannot afford). Wanting to follow up on the tavern lead, the Party returns to the Brass Squid to ask Merra about Joyce. Merra recalls Joyce coming to the tavern with **Julia**, the daughter of the Mosswing farm a few days before being reported missing. Merra also was seeing Bren, and on the day Bren went missing, the two of them were supposed to meet at the Tavern. With these revelations, the Party realizes there are tangential relations to the **Mosswing** and **Grayhorn Farms**. Trilby is slowly falling asleep but is kept awake by Morenthal splashing him with cold water (for 1 Cold damage). The final lead is the infirmary.

With the lack of a church district, some converted nobles’ houses serve the purpose of religious houses and infirmaries. One such infirmary is where the Adventurers were taken two months ago, and the Party goes there. The Adventurers were in critical condition and unconscious after being attacked by a troll out to the East. The group was taken in two nights, with Sybil disappearing first before Edra and Vlorn followed. Nighttime on the eastern road seems to be the recipe for kidnapping, so the Party leaves to investigate. Trilby is tired again and gets splashed again by Morenthal. Coil puts Trilby on his shoulders as Trilby falls asleep. It is well and truly night now, which is a perfect time to lay a trap and/or try to catch the kidnappers attacking someone else. Gelnek proposes leaving Trilby as bait. Morenthal likes it, but Feyli hates it. Hobson remarks “This plan isn’t getting any smarter,” and the Party prepares: Coil is going to carry Trilby on his shoulders with Feyli Wild Shaped into a rat riding Coil. Hobson is going to hide behind/with Coil, while Morenthal and Gelnek go on scouting duty.

The Farms are only about 15 minutes outside of Filgrove, and nothing happens to the bait plan for better or worse. The Party begins to head back to Filgrove before Feyli gets an idea: Make camp and perform a stakeout. Morenthal chooses to misinterpret it as leaving Trilby alone as bait. A short deliberation later sees Trilby and Feyli set up as bait with the rest of the Party hiding behind trees keeping watch. Once again, nothing happens. After the failed watch, Feyli shows off the Music Box again, which she’s never seen before. Coil and Hobson are determined to figure out what’s with the box, and Coil finds a faded glyph on the box, meaning the magic in the glyph is spent. Hobson suggests Coil holds onto the Music Box, and Coil obliges. The entire Party heads back to the Brass Squid for the night. Hobson has a chat with Valss about needing to sleep. Valss wants a statue, and this Party is probably the best bet of doing that, so Hobson pleads with Valss to let him sleep. Valss agrees on the condition of not using the potion. Side note: Hobson is probably a wanted man in **Springoak**.

In the morning, the Party minus Morenthal pretends they didn’t use Trilby as bait. After some hilarity (including Egg McMuffins<sup>tm</sup> being canon), the Party prepares to head out to the farms. Hobson sends a pair of letters as the Party heads out to the Grayhorn farm first. The farm has clearly seen better days, and its only worker is the farm’s owner, **Terry Grayhorn**. Bren often was in charge of going into town for errands, and he disappeared going to meet Merra on a Tuesdae about 2 months ago. The Mosswing farm is clearly thriving in comparison, but the lack of help is hurting the Grayhorn farm the most. Trilby recalls that the produce has gotten better lately, but not significantly different compared to earlier. Being highly suspicious, the Party heads off to the Mosswing farm. Four people are working the farm, and it is doing notably better. Some crates and materials are piled outside under an awning. Hobson knocks on the door and finds **Gale Mosswing**. He claims to have no information about the missing people. Morenthal voices his suspicion, which Gale agrees is suspicious. The Party is allowed to search the farm with the exception of distracting the workers and investigating the wine cellar, which is supposedly going under repairs.

Naturally, the Party immediately begins to scheme on how to get into the wine cellar. The wine cellar is accessible via some storm cellar doors. It is triple padlocked and is surprisingly secured. Not wanting to waste time, Morenthal proposes a distraction while the Party breaks in. Gelnek and Coil go off to a worker and begin to distract him. Trilby gives Morenthal the lock picks, and Morenthal starts picking the locks. Hobson, ensuring Morenthal succeeds, casts Enhance Ability. With all three locks removed, the doors are free to open. Gale notices that Gelnek and Coil are distracting the workers and heads off towards them. Hobson keeps watch on Gale just in case. Feyli and Morenthal move down into the cellar while Trilby is also on lookout duty and Hobson goes to inspect other parts of the house. Gale catches up to Gelnek and Coil. Gelnek goes on another tirade, buying some more time. Back in the stairway, Morenthal and Feyli enter the main cellar space. Several beds are set up with the missing people in them, a large minecart with crystals for wheels, and some crates. The missing people appear to all be dead and starting to decay. Meanwhile, Gale is tired of Gelnek and Coil distracting and begins to kick the rest of the Party off the Farm. Trilby and Hobson see this happening, so Hobson grabs the padlocks just in time. Hobson tries to convince Gale that Feyli and Morenthal are at the Grayhorn farm, to a resounding natural 1 on the Deception check. Gale then starts shuffling the Party off the property.

Back in the basement, there is a chest that contains all of the missing people’s personal effects which Feyli and Morenthal go through. One notable item is a silvery shortsword. The two resolve to bring the bodies back once the Party is available. The rest of the party has been escorted out by Gale, who attempts to lock them out. Coil picks up Gale by his clothing before getting locked out entirely. Gale knows magic and attempts to make Coil let him go (likely Command), but Coil succeeds in holding on. Gale tells Coil to get Feyli and Morenthal “out of the Greyhorn Farm.” Gale tries to cast another spell but Coil is able to clamp a hand over Gale’s mouth before the spell goes off. During this, Hobson starts walking back to the cellar. Inside the cellar, Morenthal turns the floating minecart on and off again, creating a loud thud, which is their cue to leave. The two of them catch up to Hobson as the three of them head off to unite with the Party. As the Party unites, Gale struggles enough to speak his arcane chant, which Feyli recognizes as from “**The Lotus** vs The Hand” and is extremely upset about it. She is angry enough to cast Guiding Bolt on him, which Gale takes. Feyli and Morenthal tell the Party that the missing people are dead. With this revelation, the Party splits. Feyli and Coil head back to Filgrove to arrest Gale to the Crown’s Guard. Trilby, Morenthal, Hobson, and Gelnek go back into the wine cellar and ensure the evidence remains. Coil ties up and gags Gale with the assistance of Gelnek casting Silence.

The cellar crew makes a marching order of Morenthal, Gelnek, Hobson, and Trilby and descends down to the wooden door. Gelnek hears something inside, so the cellar crew prepares for a fight. The wooden door has something trying to break down the door. Morenthal unlatches the door. *Combat Begins*. Several zombies are in the room, but two of them are notably more mutated than the others. Thanks to Gelnek’s Thunderwave spells, many of the zombies take a lot of damage. Furthermore, the loud booms are heard by Feyli and Coil, who make their way back for the end of the combat. Gelnek took a few shots and had the first death save of the game, which he succeeded at. Side note, the silvery shortsword became a longsword. At the end of the combat, with all the zombies dead on the floor, the Party turns toward Gale, who seems to be responsible for what happened here.