## Session 19: Through the Fire and Flames

*Combat Begins* immediately between the Flower Crowns and the table mimic. As Trilby is stuck behind a stone wall outside of the room, he is not part of the combat. After a devastating arrow shot, Morenthal returns to try to unlock the wall's keyhole. The mimic table turns the tables by swinging two pseudopods at Coil before lifting Feyli to bite her. Gelnek clashes his maracca hammer and drum shield together to blind the mimic. Feyli sets the mimic on fire with a Wall of Fire spell and kills it. This also sets the carpet on fire. The carpet gets up and coils itself up against the wall, revealing itself to be another enemy. Hobson moves over to a pile of gold to attack the rug. He looks down to notice the gold pieces are also mimics. Tiny ones, but there are a lot of them. Coil heads over to help clear the coins. Gelnek manages to kill the smothering rug and heads over to clear the mini mimics. Morenthal moves over to the chests along the walls and stabs one to check if it is a mimic. It was one, so Morenthal begins to assail it with both daggers, which both stick to the mimic. The rest of the Party begin to gang up on the last mimic, with Hobson getting the final hit with an Eldritch Blast ending combat for now. Gelnek notices a black key from within the mimic's corpse and picks it up. The key fits the lock on the stone door, so he opens it. Trilby is revealed to be playing marbles with himself. Coil goes around the gold pile, exterminating many of the mini coin mimic swarms. Gelnek uses Divine Sense which doesn't ping any otherworldly creatures within the room. Coil finds another mimic as a bookshelf and easily dispatches it. The Trilbee heals up the Party, as does Trilby. The Party decide to take a Long Rest within the room, eliminating all the remaining large mimics in the room one by one before destroying the gold pile mimics too. Among the mimic gold is 789(?) gp worth of real gold treasure. They also close the doors to the room to keep themselves hidden while they rest. Coil, Gelnek, and Morenthal take shifts to keep watch as they are paranoid of mimics.

As Feyli sleeps, she gets a series of visions. She follows a path through the woods to a cabin. As she opens the door, and the vision cuts to her running through the forest, faster than a person. She reaches a cliffside, as she climbs down to the base. Desperately searching, she finds a satchel attached to the stone spikes at the bottom of the cliff. Cutting back to the cabin, the satchel is placed on a table. Various spellcasting components and other magical oddities line the shelves nearby. Spidery hands fumble to open the satchel, briefly pushing a pink pearl on a necklace into view. Inside the bag is a cloth-wrapped object about the size of a watermelon. Holding it in her three hands, the object begins to shudder and beat like a heart. Feyli wakes up as Morenthal begins his shift. She tells him that she's fine before falling back asleep. Hobson also has an interesting rest. As he closes his eyes, he suddenly hears the sounds of a buslting city. The ground has a fine orange & red cobblestone path, and large buildings that fit the obbled together vibe of the city. The city itself appears to be circular within a large valley. A grand structure lies in the center, and the sky is completely filled with airships of older make. Smokestacks and clockwork decor give the town an industrial feel. The time appears to be about 10 hours off. As he looks over, he sees a familiar elven man wearing a swashbuckler-like outfit. The elf asks Hobson if she's alright, and Hobson tries to blind back into whoever he's supposed to be. He asks where he is, and the elf says that this might be what she told him about, so he begins to talk to Hobson using this vision. The elf begins by saying the town is <span style="color:brown">**Whitecrest**</span>, and his name is <span style="color:teal">**Vindilay**</span>, or Vin for short. He and Hobson trade introductions and try to figure out how this all works. Vin pulls out a paper of questions the woman wanted to know. Her gauntlet was found near the Bluelake's coast about a week ago, and she really doesn't want it. The woman is known as <span style="color:teal">**Lady Belle**</span>, and the pair of them are a bounty hunting duo. He pulls out a stack of bounties and asks if Hobson knows about them. The top one is 50k gp for a Dwarf named <span style="color:teal">**Gear Head**</span>, who apparently angered some <span style="color:cyan">**Amber Hearts**</span> in the <span style="color:brown">**Domberland**</span>. As Hobson shuffles through the other bounties, he finds Feyli for 24k gp paid in Springoak and Morenthal for 10k gp paid at the Shard Coast. The large building, Hobson realizes, is <span style="color:brown">**The Citadel**</span>, the greatest hub of knowledge in E'Lithia. The Flower of Rebirth was taken there before being stored in the Vaults of Eversteel. Hobson wants to keep in contact better, and Vin wants to know if anything happens when she sleeps. The gauntlet also allows her to turn into animals and gives useful advice in combat. However, this gauntlet's version of Valse (hereby known as <span style="color:teal">**Alt-Valse**</span>) is not very nice to Belle. As Hobson wonders how to go back to his own body, he hears Alt-Valse talking to him. Hobson asks if Alt-Valse knows the Hobson's Valse since they are clearly related somehow. Alt-Valse tells Hobson to come back when he's more prepared before mentally shunting Hobson out. On Coil's lone watch, he notices Hobson sit up, observe the Party and his gear carefully. Coil asks if everything alright, and Belle-Hobson says that it was just a nightmare. He goes back to sleep, but only a few minutes later, actual Hobson gets his head slammed against the floor and wakes up. Coil and Hobson talk about the conciousness swap and the duo in Whitecrest. He tries to explain the whole dual gauntlets thing. Lady Belle is also more competant, which is a problem because Morenthal and Feyli are both wanted by her. If Coil sees Hobson doing it again, Coil should call Hobson "Lady Belle" to try and gauge a reaction. He should also not let her anywhere near Morenthal and Feyli. Coil proposses restraining Hobson while he's sleeping, which Hobson likes and wishes he'd done it earlier. Hobson decides to keep watch with Coil instead of going back to sleep.

During their watch, a tiny amount of the swamp's blight slime can be seen creeping through the door. Coil stands up, and it seems like the blight itself is drawn to him again. Hobson asks if they should wake the Party, but Coil tests something. He moves a distance away, and the blight changes course to approach Coil. Coil is able to kite it around the room while the rest of the Party finishes their rest. Hobson tries to study the slime, which clearly is not natural. When he gets super close, the slime gravitates to Hobson, but otherwise it heads towards Coil. As the Party wakes up, they can see the trail left by the slime. It is nighttime at this point. Trilby pulls from his Bag of Many Things, pulling out an <span style="color:lightgreen">**Combat God's Religious Symbol**</span>. It has a crossed sword and axe on a shield background on it. The Party gets their stuff together and head back to the room with three doors. The keep is shrouded in darknesss at this time of night. A central door at the top of a staircase is the remaining unexplored area. As the Party looks outside the keep itself, they notice no guards on the wall and a pair of lanterns marking patrols. They decide to head upstairs first, and a lot of it is collapsed. A door at the top is closed and is locked. Morenthal picks it open easily, though. As he opens the door, a bolt of electricity shocks through the door and into the handle. Morenthal pulls his hand away to avoid damage from that trap. Inside is a knight wearing a set of black armor pinned to the wall by a large piece of metal, perhaps a gate. The body has been picked clean by scavengers, and its head is off to the side. A more jagged tunnel than the other holes leads off in the wall. Morenthal notices that the tunnel could be climbed, compared to the other hypersmooth holes. Coil begins to climb down the hole, and it is becoming warmer as he climbs downward. The Party sends Coil on ahead to check the conditions. It continues to get hotter and hotter as he decends. After 30 ft, he climbs back up and says that it's pretty hot, and he didn't even reach the bottom. Trilby considers using Ray of Frost to keep the Party cool as they descend, but it may not work. Instead, he begins to make a fantasy portable air conditioner over the course of an hour. He modifies one of his stuffed animals to hang on the back of a Party member and constnatly cast Ray of Frost to cool them down. In the meantime, Coil climbs back through the tunnel to do recon. Going deeper, he can see that the red-orange glow is becoming more prominant, and there is a lot of white noise. Further down, the tunnel flattens out sharply, and it opens into a large cavern. Bubbling inferno sounds can be heard, and hot magma flows down one wall. He walks towards the entrance and can clearly see the Eyedra as it talks to itself in an alien language. Coil climbs back up to the surface to report. The Party discusses their options for fighting it inside its lair or outside. They don't really want to deal with the fire and heat. Luring out the beholder could work, but they are extremely paranoid, so that idea may not work. They are running out of time to create anti-fire gear, so they may have to just fight it now. However, if they can sever the eyestalk with the ring and steal it back, they don't have to kill it. Gelnek could serve as a very good distraction or cast blindness on it. The Party also recalls that the beholder's eyes cause different effects, and its main eye creates an antimagic area. Trilby's invention goes on Gelnek, and the Party heads down into the hole.

Hobson, Trilby, and Morenthal all required CON saves to survive the heat, and they all pass. And since the temperature is maxed out, they hopefull won't need any in the future. Hobson activates Armor of Agythys pre-emptively. The exit of the tunnel sits on a platform about 15 ft above the main floor. A heavy chest sits right below, and the beholder sits in the center of the room, continuing it's mad raving to a skull. Gelnek attempts to cross the chamber to a stalagtite for cover, casting Minor Illusion to speak common nearby. The Eyedra checks where the illusion occured before turning around to look straight at Gelnek. *Combat Begins.* Valse, who has been absent for a while, gets Hobson to cast Summon Form of Valse. This custom spell summons an image of Valse to help them fight. He takes the form of a werewolf, which is apparently a fey-like creature, to begin to attack the Eyedra. Hobson then jumps down the platform to join the fight. Trilby gets Scrubbins in protector mode for Party longevity. The Eyedra rises into the air, and three of its eyes glow with power. Morenthal is hit by a wave of magical sleep, but as an elf, he remains unaffected. Trilby almost gets charmed by the Eyedra, but he manages to be unaffected with a flash of genius. Hobson resists the massive necrotic attack coming at him. Feyli hops down and hits the Eyedra with a Guiding Bolt beforee shrugging off a frightening illusion from an eye. Coil hops down and charges the Eyedra as Morenthal misses a bow shot. Gelnek blinds the Eyedra's eyes, and heads over to some stalagtites to make noise. Valse jumps onto the Beholder's back, keeping him out of the Eyedra's sight. The Beholder turns to look at the casters, but as it sweeps over Coil, he feels sluggish for a second. Feyli jumps down to get out of the Eyedra's gaze and casts another Wall of Fire on it, and the Eyedra just cackles. It casts a deadly ray at Feyli, who drops to the ground. Her final word: "COIL!!!" <span style="color:red">**CHARACTER DEATH: FEYLI**</span> Coil runs over to check Feyli, and despite the heat off the room, she's cold. The rest of the Party, shocked at the sight, continues to beat the Eyedra to death. Coil digs through Feyli's pack to find the key that unlocks his jaw. He runs over to Gelnek and tells him to unlock the jaw, entering his feral rage. The Eyedra is starting to look rough as Coil cleaves into it. Morenthal gets the final hit on the Eyedra with his purging dagger, ending the fight. The Ring of Flame falls off of the Eyedra's stalk. Valse, not reading the room, poses triumphantly over the corpse as Coil attacks him in his feral rage. The image eventually fades as Coil continues his attacks against the Party, next going for Scrubbins. Gelnek attempts to close Coil's jaw using strength alone, but fails. As Coil turns towards towards Trilby for the next attack, Gelnek casts Hold Person. The Party manages to close Coil's jaw, truly ending combat. After the jaws shut, a small amount of black ichor dribbles out of Coil.

Gelnek says that the best chance of saving Feyli is the O'Stanke tribe and tells the Party to grab the Ring of Flame. The large chest holds a large treasure hoard containing several magic items, a ton of money, a purple stone and other things. Nothing seems to be immediately helpful, unfortunately. Trilby recognizes the purple stone as an <span style="color:forestgreen">**Ioun Stone of Reserve.**</span> They don't have time to identify and count all of the treasure, so they just take it and leave. They climb back up the tunnel and quickly sneak their way back into the sewer. The five prisoners are watching a battle outside. It seems anyone who was in the Eyedra's thrall were freed, so the shambling mounds are now fighting the humanoid guards. The Party and prisoners head on back to Burple and Gnaw, using the commotion for cover. Gelnek tells them the situation without creating his disguised voice back. Burple tells Gnaw to lead the prisoners back to the Rift of Flame while Burple leads the Flower Crowns off to the O'Stanke tribe. They all power through the long trip, and by midday, they reach the O'Stanke's main camp. The Party is Level 8. End of Session. 