## Session 20: asdf

We open with the Flower Crowns approaching the main camp of the O'Stanke tribe. It is set up in a clearing within the bog, and despite the nomadic style, it still feels like home. They do not damage the swamp as they travel, and the settlement itself is lively. The Party does not appear to be welcome, as strangers rarely are. A pair of Hobgoblins block the main entrance and question Burple about them. Burple defends them for their courage facing down the Eyedra, saying that Feyli fell in battle. The Hobgoblins look over the Party, and allows them to enter. All but Gelnek, the banished one. At this point, some of the tribe has noticed the Party, as nothing else appears to be helping. An unnaturally loud voice calls out as an old, hunched goblin wearing many hats makes his way over. **Chief Stompy** steps forward to say hello. Gelnek calls out joyfully, and the Chief acknowledges. He says that traditions should be placed after the deeds of the Party have been celebrated. The entire Party is allowed to enter, and Stompy says that Gelnek may need to leave later. Feyli is brought over to Stompy's hut, as it is a sacred location. Gelnek relays their entire set of adventures to Chief Stompy, including them slaying the Eyedra. Stompy's main hut is filled with exotic fabrics to create the private interior, which smells of incense. Stompy says that the ritual that can revive Feyli may change her body and face, but her memory will be intact. As long as the spirit or soul is able to return, she'll be reincarnated. His spell draws upon the power of E'Lithia itself, rather than the divine. As the ritual begins and continiues, the Party is allowed to bring sacrifices or offerings to assist the soul in returning. Up to three can be given. He gets himself and Feyli into position and begins the spell. Morenthal feels a hand from a Party member, but as he turns to look, nobody actually touched him. As the spell continues, the light dims to complete darkness, and Stompy's voice freezes and disappears, leaving the five remaining Flower Crowns in the dark with Feyli's body. A small green orb rises above Feyli, revealing a figure of divine beauty, seemingly comforting. However, it smiles menacingly, revealing it to be Karshala the Hag. She is surprised the Party is still alive, but she is indeed holding Feyli's soul. She is willing to release the soul, for a price. What does the Party offer?

Coil stands to his full height and asks what she wants. Karshala mentions that a soul for a soul is a fair price, but maybe the Party is creative. After a pause, Coil asks how Karshala got Feyli's soul, and Karshala reminds the Party of the deal that went wrong all the way back in Filgrove. None of this was explained, of course. Gelnek stands up and takes off his armor & weapons, leaving him with nothing clothing, and he offers them up. He gives a speech about giving up his any chance with the O'Stanke, revoking his life with the O'Stanke for his life with the Flower Crowns. Karshala leans in and commenting on Gelnek's bravery and asks if they have a deal. Gelnek extends a hand as Coil attempts to stop it, stepping between the orb and Gelnek. Karshala says that there is something that was promised, but not yet given, as the deal concludes. The pink orb shatters, and Feyli's soul is free. A new pearl is formed, but it is orange. Karshala thanks the Party and the blackness goes away. Chief Stompy does not know what happened and asks if everything is okay. Gelnek feels fine, but his gear is still on the ground. He begins to put it back on. Coil and Gelnek discuss what happened, and Gelnek makes a joke about the short lives of Goblins. Gelnek may have acted rashly, but Coil says he acted compassionately. Stompy has been watching with a smile, and the Party sits back down so the ritual may continue. A second verse begins as Stompy continues the ritual. Feyli's body floats gently into the air. Stompy says that he has made contact with the soul, and the Party may now give three offerings to assist in Feyli's soul returning to her body. This can only help the odds against fate. Gelnek elbows Morenthal in an attempt to get him to offer something. Morenthal stutters and gets agitated about the situation, simply saying that he can't. As Gelnek grabs him by the collar, Morenthal thinks he can see another set of hands holding him too. Morenthal decides to offer something. Coil asks for his key from Gelnek, as he too stands to offer words. 

Coil says that because Feyli stole this key, Coil was able to go on these adventures. Originally, Coil believed Feyli only wanted to use him as a weapon. Coil's new feelings have come into existence because of Feyli was stupid and confident enough to steal the key in the first place. Trilby steps up second, offering words of praise for her strength of character. He praises her combat abilities and the way that she always jumped into battle over and over. He may not know exactly what to say now, but he can only figure out if she comes back. He sends the Trilbee in hopes that it works. Finally, Morenthal gets to say his piece. Morenthal speaks to how Feyli has overcome her past, taken down the Black Hand, but continues to forge ahead in the memory of those she's lost. He believes it is too soon for her journey to end here, and she has so much more to live through. It is not fair that the Party would experience more things without her, and Morenthal misses her. He pleads for her to come back. With the offerings given, Stompy begins to conclude the ritual. Feyli's body rises further off the ground, and the twilight sparkles of Feyli's magic gathers around her body. Her body compresses and consumes her body. In a blindingly bright flash, Feyli returns in a new form. Her horns have lost their floral form, and her tail is gone. In fact, her antlers are just a headpiece. Her clothing is a black dress, and her staff turns into the form of petrified wood. Her mouth is open, revealing a pair of pointed teeth. She awakes with a gasp and a shout of "Coil!" **RACE CHANGE: FEYLI** She doesn't exactly understand what happened after she died, but Trilby immediately runs to give her a hug. Gelnek mentions that she had a brush with the afterlife. Feyli goes over to check her reflection, seeing for herself the changes that have occured. She doesn't know if what the Party did was worth it, but they assure her that anyone would've done the same. Gelnek turns to thank Chief Stompy for what he did, and Stompy says it is the least he could do for Gelnek given how they treated him. He also was not privy to what happened in the darkness. Once everything is settled down, Stompy hopes to talk to Gelnek one on one. Hobson does a quick arcana check to confirm that Feyli's soul was traded for Gelnek's, so they'll have to get it back somehow. Feyli asks about what needs to be taken back, and so Coil & Gelnek explain the soul trade. Feyli barely understands, but Gelnek says that she's worth the price. The Party vows to fix the situation with the hag eventually. Feyli recalls from her necromancy days, that many who come back from the dead are weakened. However, she doesn't feel that. With those decided, it is time to feast!

The camp prepares for evening, and Chief Stompy confirms that the Party is free to spend the night, but if they don't leave in the morning, the Party will need to resolve Gelnek's situation. During the meal, various golbins come over to curoiusly look at the Party members. Trilby takes out a Coil-bitten Scrubbins and says that he'll get to work on repairs soon enough. Though, Trilby falls asleep immediately after. Gelnek checks in on Morenthal to ensure he's alright. Even though the spell goes against Morenthal's beliefs, he says that Feyli being alive is worth it. He doesn't want to talk about it further, so Gelnek doesn't press. As Feyli eats, a headache that had built up fades away, a consequence of her race change. Coil hands the key back to her. Eventually, Hobson says that he needs to be restrained overnight. An explaination needs to be done later. At the very least, Morenthal and Feyli need to be alert to Hobson due to Alt-Valse and Lady Belle's bounty hunting antics. Hobson recalls that the bounties wanted both of them dead. Feyli is excited to actually use her cloak to hide fully, since she can take off her antler headpiece now. Coil ties Hobson up pretty easily. And even if the worst comes to pass, Hobson would be relatively easy to take down for anyone in the Party. As the Party heads off to sleep, Gelnek heads over to talk to Chief Stompy alone. Stompy tends to a fire and pats a rock next to him for Gelnek to sit on. Stompy starts by saying that it is great to see Gelnek again, and how Gelnek has grown. The O'Stanke's traditions has pushed Gelnek out, and it is a tragedy. Gelnek thanks Stompy for all of his mentorship and compasion. Stompy clearly wishes that he could let Gelnek back into the tribe, but at least Gelnek has found a new tribe. Gelnek gives Stompy a tight hug and says that there is nothing to be ashamed of. And the O'Stanke's tradition of pilgrimage is a grand one to hold onto. To end off the talk, Gelnek is prompted to tell a grandiose story of how life has gone. Gelnek confirms that the Party will leave in the morning. Stompy is proud that Gelnek has found a new tribe within the Flower Crowns. Gelnek heads back to the Party and goes to sleep. Morenthal distances himself from the Party briefly, pulls out his necklace, and questions why Feyli's return is allowed, despite it going against everything. He is desperately looking for guidance in this problem. As he thinks on it, he notices a faint blue worm wriggling in front of him. It wraps itself into a cocoon before splitting into a butterfly and flying away, disappearing into sparkles. The Party gets their Long Rest.

The Party wakes in the late morning and begin to pack up their stuff. Chief Stompy approaches, but waits a distance away, signaling that the Party should be on their way. Burple joins the Party for the trip back to the Rift of Flame. A small crowd gathers to see the Party off. Gelnek leaves the O'Stanke for the second time, but this time with a new tribe to call his own. It takes about a day of travel to get back. Sometime along the way, they would've found Gnaw heading back carrying medicines for the blight. The Viradescent Javellin is being cleaned off, and the crew asks if they can go. They got a short version of the story from the people who came back. The Party decides to check in with Flint Emberhorn before leaving the town itself. He gives thanks, but he doesn't really have much else to give. If they ever need to go to the Plane of Fire, they can do that. Otherwise, the Party can begin the airship journey back to Northcliff, and it'll take about a day and a half. It is about the start of winter, so they encounter a light snowstorm. Carva, the dragonborn navigator, appears to be working on a healing salve. Trilby approaches and looks to see what she's working on. She's working on a salve to protect against the cold. Trilby absorbs the techniques, so he could potentially recreate it if needed. From now on, random encounters on the ship may grant permanent bonuses to skills. Meanwhile, Hobson, Feyli, and Gelnek are below deck while Morenthal and Coil are up on deck. Hobson takes a WIS save, and Feyli notices that Hobson went below decks before heading back above deck. Coil and Morenthal see Hobson heading back to the aft of the ship. Hobson starts randomly blasting Eldritch Blasts into the sky. Morenthal confronts Hobson, and Hobson claims that he saw something. He starts to run back below decks do his bunk. Coil follows, and Feyli sees. Hobson gets a quick vision of the inn in Whitecrest with Vin sleeping in the bed. Hobson is able to go find the bounties being collected. He tries to find Feyli and Morenthal's bounties to destroy them. He's able to find a fireplace downstairs in the inn's tavern, so he can dispose of them. He then returns to Lady Belle's room, and as he goes to fall asleep, he wakes back up on the ariship. Coil confronts Hobson, and they trade information about what Lady Belle did as Hobson and what Hobson did as Lady Belle. Hobson continues to feel incompetent compared to what Lady Belle has been doing. Coil points out that rapid firing Eldritch Blasts into the sky is not discrete. Hobson laments that he doesn't know how to control it, but he'll probably tell Adokus when the Party gets the chance. The remaining half-day of travel is uneventful, but the snowstorm slightly intensifies. By early afternoon, they land in Northcliff once again. 

The Part