## Session 17: The Bog That Hates Everyone.

During the recap, the Blighted Swamp is officially named the <span style="color:coral">**Valsqori Bog**</span>. We open just as Feyli & Hobson dodge out of the tendrils of the Froghemoth, avoiding a Surprise Attack. *Combat Begins.* Feyli shoots a Guiding Bolt at the Froghemoth, and it decides Coil & Feyli are the biggest threats and hits them with its tentacles, grappling both of them. Morenthal gouges into it with his special daggers, dealing quite a bit of damage. Gelnek smacks it with his new hammer and grants Hobson Bardic Inspiration. Coil swings his sword around the tentacles, cutting into the Froghemoth. Hobson also starts laying into the Froghemoth with Booming Blade. The Froghemoth angrily uses its other two tentacles to grab Gelnek & Hobson and attempts to eat Morenthal. It succeeds. Morenthal, understandably, does not want to be inside the Froghemoth, but the space isn't allowing him to attack well. Gelnek gives Morenthal Inspiration as well, as his attempt to blind thee Froghemoth fails. Trilby has gotten Scrubbins into Protector mode, which will be needed. He gets a slash into the tentacle holding Coil, and with that assistance, Coil is able to break free. Hobson is also able to squeeze his way out of the grapple. Feyli also manages to shimmy out of the grapple as well. Meanwhile, Morenthal gets burned by the Froghemoth's stomach acid. The Froghemoth manages to grapple Coil again with the same tentacle, but Feyli dodges it. It then decides to try to eat Trilby, so Trilby joins Morenthal inside the very cramped Froghemoth stomach. Morenthal drinks the Acid Resistance potion he had. Gelnek catches the Froghemoth in a Faerie Fire, and he hopes he can maintain concentration on this helpful spell. Trilby, after thinking long and hard, decides to cast Shatter point blank inside of the Froghemoth. Everyone but Morenthal saves on that damage. Hobson gets the final shot with a pair of Eldritch Blasts. Gelnek climbs up the Froghemoth to take its eyestalks as trophies. The Party patches themselves up. During the fight, the Ring of Good Times had been dealing Feyli an extra damage each time, but she didn't notice it this time. With all those problems settled Feyli continues to lead the Party through the Bog for the remaining parts of the day. Gelnek is able to find a safe enough place to camp for the night. Gelnek begins to cook the eyestalks for anyone who wants them. Hobson is willing to try it, but no one else tries the eyes. The Party sets up a watch with Gelnek taking the first shift, Morenthal taking second, and Coil in sentry mode the entire time. Hobson asks Gelnek about some fond memories, and Gelnek says that the O'Stanke tribe always made him feel very strong. He continues and mentions how being with the Party has made him feel the same way. 

During the night, Gelnek & Coil sees various dancing lights, but Gelnek knows that they're lures for creature traps. None of them come close, but Coil is a little mesmerized. Coil gets up to check one of the sets of lights out. Gelnek gets up to warn him about the lures and potential predators. With that warning, Coil decides to sit back down and ignore the lights. Gelnek trades with Gelnek, giving the same warning, and goes to sleep. The rest of the watch is uneventful, save for an animal getting caught by just such a trap. Hobson gets a vision during the night. He's inside a luxurious wooden cabin, and the hilly environment outside is passing quickly. A male elf is naked and sleeping to his right. Various people can be seen walking outside through a window. He thinks he's on some kind of train or other similar mode of transport. Looking down, he can see that he is a heavy set & muscular woman wearing Valse's gauntlet on her left arm. A battleaxe rests against a chair nearby. Based on a nearby reflection, the woman is a female goliath with long black hair tied into braids. Hobson attempts to contact Valse, and the voice has a slightly different cadence but still recognizable as Valse. He says that something is different, and Hobson wakes up from the vision. Trilby immediately pulls from his Bag of Many Things. He pulls a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Blue Crystal Shard**</span>, and while not Void Crystal, it could still be valuable. The Trilbee also needs to charge up, recovering 3d6 to its pool. Hobson notices that his left arm now has "Who are you" written with charcoal from the fire. He now realizes he could've been doing that the whole time. Hobson confirms that Valse did not see the vision. Time for yet another day of walking through the Bog. Said day is thankfully uneventful. A few hours before they need to set up camp again, Feyli notices that the path splits. The one straight forward seems to be the normal trail, and the one on the right is clearly the path less traveled. Only a few footprints exist, and the foliage becomes much more dense. Looking along the main path, a handful of ruins can be seen in the distance. Gelnek recalls that a small handful of cities & castles were taken over long ago in the area. Gelnek gives the options of the paths to the Party for a vote. They unanimously decide to take the road less traveled. Tracking the path is probably going to be harder due to less clues & fewer people. Feyli uses her Ring of Good Luck to confirm that they're still following the correct path. The pace slows down due to the new requirement for being careful. The bog has become a lot darker, and the canopy is starting to cause feelings of claustrophobia. Everyone is a little on edge and bumping into each other as they continue. Feyli notices that the path is beginning to narrow into a tunnel. There are remnants of spiderwebs in the nearby trees. She is also able to hear hushed whispers of about 2-3 voices in the distance. The voices start to get louder with frustration. Everyone stops as Feyli points out the voices, which seem to be coming in front of them.

As the Party discusses what to do, Feyli decides to Wildshape into a raccoon to get closer and learn more. She gets close enough to see a trio of humanoids. Two smaller humanoids are trying to free the third larger one from a web in the trees. As they keep complaining to themselves, vibrations can be seen in the web. Feyli runs back to relay this information, dropping her animal form to do so. Gelnek and Coil immediately say they should help. Trilby and Morenthal are much more hesitant. Gelnek & Coil lead the charge. Morenthal and Gelnek try to go in stealthily while everyone else follows behind. They all come upon to the scene: A Fire Genasi mage is stuck in the web, a pair of Goblinoids are trying to cut the web. One has a squished leather top hat with a bow and arrow on his back. The other has a bamboo sun hat and an eyepatch carrying a bunch of small knives. Following the Goblinoids' gazes upwards, a massive spider begins to descend. Other webs start to shake as smaller spiders approach. The mage points out the Party to the Goblinoids, who aren't sure what to do with them, but the spiders are a much more pressing problem. Interestingly, the many spiders are from different species and they're working together. *Combat Begins.* Trilby summons Scrubbins and begins to burn down the forest in his attempt to kill the spiders. Morenthal and Hobson both take shots at the big spider, but only the latter hits. Gelnek uses his Ring of Quick Cantrips to cast a Minor Illusion to immitate the sound of a Froghemoth. Some of them appear to halt, so that might be effective. He then uses Shatter on another set of smaller spiders, killing three of them. Coil finishes off the fourth one on that side. Feyli casts a Moonbeam to start killing off the ones Trilby burned. The spiders rush towards Morenthal and the Fire Genasi in the web. The smaller spiders bite Morenthal, paralyzing him with its venom. The main big spider rushes over to the Fire Genasi and fully coccoons him. Hobson and Trilby keep blasting the giant spider, doing a decent amount of damage. Gelnek casts Lesser Restoration to cure the paralysis on Morenthal, and he uses his Ring again to make a visual 5 ft Froghemoth in front of the giant spider. Coil manages to cut the Fire Genasi out of the cocoon and web itself, removing that immediate threat. Feyli then gets the final hit on the giant spider. Many of the smaller spiders decide to scuttle back into the shadows, so the immediate threat is resolved. The Fire Genasi collects themselves and asks who the Party is. Gelnek tries to hide his face from the other two Goblinoids. Gelnek recognizes these two as members of a O'Stanke hunting group. The one with the sun hat has terrible posture looks directly at Gelnek. This is <span style="color:teal">**Gnaw**</span> and the one with the bow is <span style="color:teal">**Burple**</span>. Gelnek chooses to use Minor Illusion to change his voice to a poor Kermit the Frog, and his performance is very convincing.

The Fire Genasi asks the Party again what they are doing here. Gelnek gives the gist to the trio, and the Fire Genasi, named Fervor. Burple speaks up and says that the people in the hunting Party is probably dead. Since the trio will be working with the Flower Crowns, introductions are in order. Morenthal chooses to call Gelnek "Branch", and the rest of the Party introduce themselves. Fervor says that the O'Stanke have mentioned a growing threat in the Bog known as the <span style="color:coral">**Sunken Castle of O'Louie**</span>. Everyone in the O'Stanke knows to avoid it at all costs, because it houses an Eyedra, which is capable of enthralling monsters. It was treated as a boogyman for the O'Stanke tribe. The trio had managed to track the monster group to the fort, and things have not been going well on the recon front. The three of them intend to save the people in the fort, and they'll need all the help they can get. Hopefully they can count on the Party. The Party accepts. Fervor mentions that there are five still unaccounted for from the hunting party, including Pyre. As far as Fervor remembers and was told, Pyre had nothing special about him. He was a good fighter but was not capable of magic before getting the ring. The fort is about a half day travel away, but everyone should probably camp. Gnaw and Burple lead the way past the spiders' den further along the path. The two Goblins begin to make a fire and asks about taking shifts for watch. Coil says he can keep watch, much to Gnaw's delight. Morenthal takes watch alongside Gnaw and Burple, taking advantage of his trance to stay up with them. Hobson writes a response to the previous question that appeared on his arm: "Hobson (Flower Crown)". The first shift has Burple, Coil, and Morenthal on watch. It is pretty uneventful with only Burple scaring off a cat predator. The second shift swaps Gnaw and Burple. Gnaw keeps his attention mainly on Coil, but nothing happens. Everyone wakes up, and nothing else has happened to Hobson. Trilby pulls from his Bag, recieving a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Chain Necklace**</span>, and he tries to give it to Burple. Burple thinks the sparkles would give away his position, so Gnaw takes it instead. Burple and Gnaw lead the entire Party easily. Fervor hangs back and talks with the Party about what they do with respect to Artifact hunting. He's relieved that the Party wants to make sure the Artifacts get collected and given to the correct people for safekeeping. Fervor continues to hold out hope that the hunters are still alive, and Gelnek insights that Fervor likes the adventuring life more than just guarding the Rift forever. Fervor at the very least wants to see the sights, even if leaving is a big taboo in the town. Gelnek relates to that a lot. As the day begins to close, the entire Party comes across the Sunken Castle of O'Louie. It is in a deep crater, and its ruins are populated by both humanoid and monsterous creatures. Brambles and shambling plant figures patrol the area. Various Bullywugs, a tribe that also live in the Bog, can be seen. Other humanoids of all shapes and sizes, some without skin, continue to just pratrol the area. Clearly, they are not directly communicating at all, and those are controlled by the Eyedra.

Burple points to the central keep of the Castle, where carved circles make up a hive of some kind. From one such circle, the deep red glow emminates. Gnaw takes out a map he drew and begins to point out potential routes. One is an old sewer system which needs speed to avoid detection. A second is a potential route from the sky, not that they have a way to do that. Or they can just climb the wall anywhere. Both Gnaw and Burple don't really know what to do if they see the Eyedra, since they only have the boogyman story. Fortunately, the Party as a whole doesn't need to take the keep, but they just need to find a path in and out. Gelnek calls a meeting of the Flower Crowns to figure out a plan. The sewer is probably the most likely route, since the Party is relatively good at sneaking. Hobson and Trilby are tasked with figuring out how enthrallment works, and especially how to counter it. Coil is told to smash things as needed. Burple mentions that while the Party knows their own strengths, Gnaw and Burple can be used as needed. Fervor needs to enter since he knows who's who. The Party decide that the two Goblins should stay outside to keep watch. Neither of them can cast magic, so communication will be hard. They can't solve that problem, so the Party and Fervor head off to inspect the sewer system. The entrance at least is large enough to let everyone enter. They decide to use Coil's Ring of Pointing to signal for Gnaw and Burple to come into the keep. If after a full day there is no contact, they will go find help back at Mt. Fiorno. End of Session.