## Session 12: Welcome to Northcliff!

We open just as the Flower Crowns step off the Airship and are welcomed to Northcliff by Adokus. A pair of Crowns Guards magically inspect the Party with a apple-sized glass sphere on order of the Council. The guards give a hesitent look towards Feyli and Coil. The sphere glows white & orange in front of Feyli and black in front of Coil. Adokus tells the guards that the Party is with him, and the guards relax, heading onto the Airship to inspect the Viradescent Javelin. Adokus begins to lead the Party towards <span style="color:coral">**The Spire**</span> in the middle of Northcliff. Along the way, the Party passes an enormous mansion serving as a tourism spot. The Party appears to be within a more resplendent part of town, described as the Entertainment district. Various nobles and merchants have golems and constructs that act as servants or bodyguards, and they are apparently not sentient. The city as a whole is clearly well maintained and clean. The district known as the Spire's Shadow is filled with tall buildings, clearly taller than anything the Party has seen. The Spire's area gives the feeling of trespassing without actually passing a clear division line. Nevertheless, the Spire's doors automatically open. Guards dot the hallways and doorways, and other people move quickly in and out of the building. At the other side of a room is a window looking into the central chamber of the Spire. Two rows of glass mirrors arranged in a circular room show different views and perspectives. The center of the room has a large cylindrical column with many Blue Void circuity running up and down. Seated around the column are about 20 figures asleep in beds that are connected to the column and monitors. The Party is in absolute awe of the technology/magic of Northcliff, especially since none of them have been here. 

Adokus directs the Party's attention to a trio of new people to meet. The first is a female Gnome with several gadgets attached to her arms, a highly adjustable monocle sits on her eye, and she exudes nobility & status, perhaps haughtyness. Next is a Drow male with dozens of scars all across his arms, a knife and vials are strapped to his chest. Finally, the most steriotypical fantasy male Human wizard with blue starry hat and everything. Adokus tells the Party that while they already agreed to help the Council recover the artifacts, this is truly the place of no return. He goes on to introduce each person just described. <span style="color:teal">**Casma Londor**</span> is the Gnome, <span style="color:teal">**Neevan Everot**</span> the Blood Mage Drow, and <span style="color:teal">**Horace Devenshire**</span>, the Wizard of the White Tower from Springoak. Coil & Feyli both notice that Horace almost waves hello to Feyli but doesn't. Adokus says that these three will be taking the blood to ensure the Party doesn't turn on the Council while hunting for the artifacts. Neevan takes a very thin knife and prepares to take a bead of blood from each of the Party. Gelnek and Trilby go first. Gelnek notes how it is tradition for a sweet to be given after blood is drawn, and Horace obliges with some jelly beans. Valse controls Hobson to ask if the whole endeavor is considered heroic, and Neevan calls it heroic. Valse agrees happily. Neevan looks over to Coil and notes that this may not work. Casma walks over and asks to place a small rune on Coil's chassie, and Coil agrees. Casma will have someone over at the Party's accomodations. Feyli and Morenthal are much more reluctant to give the blood. Neevan explains that the blood is used to track the Party if/when the Party absconds with a deadly artifact. Feyli asks what happens if she doesn't comply, and Adokus asks the other three if it is alright for a majority of the Party to be tracked. He also says that those who don't accept will not get a full briefing on the artifacts. Morenthal and Feyli are fine with that arragement, and so are the Council people here. 

Adokus says that it will probably take about a day to consolodate information and brief the Party, but accomodations & rooms have been made for them. He then opens up to questions, and Trilby immediately asks about the 20 people in the beds. Casma explains that they are performaning a scrying ritual that follow a small drone trying to locate an artifact. The screens allow for others to view the drones' perspectives easily. Each drone is also attuned to an artifact's magic, hopefully allowing it to track the artifact it is attuned to. Adokus and Casma that the Spire is a magical amplifier, powering not only the physical barrier around Northcliff but allowing the scrying rituals to work well. With no more questions, Adokus prepares to bring the Party to the in where they will be staying and mentions that he owns a dojo in the Northwest part of Northcliff. Casma will be in the Spire for questions, Neevan says he'll be gone, and Horace is here to sightsee. Adokus leads the Party to a more traditional inno n the east side of the city known as <span style="color:coral">**The Shattered Shield**</span>. Several staircases sprawl off into various directions for rooms and servants' quarters. Behind the bar is a red skinned, red haired, and white-eyed 4-armed figure. Two arms are normal humanoid arms and the other two are a pair of large crab-like claws. Adokus goes to fetch the keys and Trilby follows. Adokus introduces him to <span style="color:teal">**Arjuun Moon**</span>, the owner of the Shattered Shield and a friend of Adokus. Trilby asks about any shopping that he could do, and Arjuun mentions the trade district in the Northwest, by the <span style="color:coral">**Crystal Circle**</span> and churches. Jewlers with knowledge of Void Crystals could also be found there, and the more expensive ones are more knowledgable. Coil asks about Estavan Longfeather, and while Arjuun doesn't immediately recognize the name, Adokus says that Estavan is probably an apprentice to someone in the trade district as well. Estavan sometimes stops in <span style="color:coral">**Mobe's Pawn Shop**</span> when he's not otherwise working. Arjuun recalls that Estavan works at <span style="color:coral">**Forge & Forestry**</span> run by a couple. The Party currently has 3 days at the inn and if needed, Adokus can get more time. He'll also be at the inn in the morning to discuss plans for the artifact hunt. Coil & Adokus tell Arjuun to let Casma's assistant up to Coil's room whenever they show up. Adokus prepares to leave the Party to their own devices, but not before Valse makes Hobson do a cocky grin and finger guns. Adokus also mentions that the large mansion seen on the way in was <span style="color:coral">**Champion's Hall**</span>, which may be of interest to Trilby, and then he leaves.

It is now about afternoon, and the rest of the day is open to the Party. Gelnek proposes going off to the shops and the rest of the Party quickly agrees. They all head off to search for Mobe's Pawn Shop and Forge & Forestry. The trade district is much more crowded than the entertainment district. A central plaza his home to a farmer's market style of shops. From this plaza, the Party can easily spot the fantasy Costco known as Forge & Forestry. A large silver golem that observes the Party and the crowd when they walk in. A female Dwarven blacksmith sits in the back of the store, hammering out a shield in front of a crowd. Elsewhere, an male Elf stitching a child-sized tunic. He's got automated sewing machine nearby. Off in a far corner is a small altar with a perfect sunlight beam hitting its stained glass back. A figure of <span style="color:teal">**Demulson "Hammer" Ruldros**</span> is afixed to it, the deity of crafts & forges. An anvil and rope make up the symbology of the altar, and a book with spell reagents sits in front. Trilby walks up to the Elf and asks about Void Crystals. The Elf tells Trilby about the <span style="color:coral">**Opal Circlet**</span>, a smaller jewlery shop nearby. <span style="color:teal">**Velina**</span> should be able to help Trilby with any questions or need for tools. Gelnek wants to ask the Dwarf about upgrading his maracca mace. The Dwarf explains that a +1 enchantment would take a week and 1,000gp, a +2 is 5,000gp, and a special damage type is 10,000gp. Silvering the mace would take half a week and cost 500gp. Any of that would cause Gelnek to be completely broke, so he can't do that right now. Coil & Trilby float the idea of splitting the cost, but Gelnek refuses. He instead asks the Dwarf about any jobs that the Flower Crowns could do, perhaps in exchange for discounts. The Dwarf mentions that the <span style="color:coral">**Crater Mines**</span> down below have been having some trouble. Assisting them could knock about 400gp from the +1 upgrade. The Party considers it, and the Dwarf, known as <span style="color:teal">**Riona**</span>, tells them to head to the West part of town for a ferry gate. Something has been eating the mine's iron supply, which has been hurting supplies. Coil and Scrubbins are heistent about the "eats metal" thing, so Riona says other jobs are posted that could be fulfilled instead. Valse, controlling Hobson, rejoins the group now, having bought a new set of flashy clothes for 10gp. The Party briefly discusses the clothing and how first impressions are everything. Gelnek's hat/skull denotes him as leader, and (retroactively) this is why Gelnek feels threatened by Trilby usurping him, since Trilby also wears a hat. 

The Party then heads off to the Opal Circlet, which appears as a hole in the wall jeweler's shop. Velina is a Gnome, and she's currently working with a monocular to inpsect gems. Trilby asks about working with Void Crystals and presents Scrubbins. He talks aobut how Blue Void Crystal made up its core originally, but ever since he added the Green, Scrubbins has made a byproduct. Velina says that Void Crystal should not produce byproduct, so something in the engineering is causing the Crystal to be ground down, which may eventually cause it to go inert. Velina says she could tinker with it and Trilby agrees. Five minutes later, she finds a pair of gears that are slightly rubbing against the Green Void Crystal. She hands it back to Trilby since she doesn't want to mess with his design. Trilby also buys a normal silver ring for 5gp. Feyli asks for Amythyst jewelery, and Velina seems to have anything Feyli could want. Feyli wants a necklace and ring, which she purchases for 100gp each. Morenthal is very relieved to have finally solved the mystery of Scrubbins' poops. Coil then leads the Party off to Mobe's Pawn Shop, which is filled with various scrap metal, gears & construct parts. An old Dwarf man with extremely magnifying glasses pops up from behind the counter, trying to sift through clutter on it. A second voice calls from the back of the store about something, but the Dwarf notices the Party and greets them. Coil asks for Estavan, and <span style="color:teal">**Mobe**</span> calls back that the customers are for Estavan. Estavan is wearing much similar gear to the Party, with leather armor and a backpack. He looks very similar to Marm, and behind him is a small automaton that looks like Clank. Coil says that he met Marm, but Estavan barely listens while he inspects Coil. Estavan rolls up his sleeves, revealing a prosthetic arm. The two talk, with Estavan clearly looking at Coil "like a piece of meat". Since Estavan is a bit of an adventurer he has done some delves searching for artifacts. Coil doesn't remember anything from his past, despite Estavan prodding. Estavan was planning to take a trip to Rycefall in a few days, but the Party has other obligations. Estavan asks about whether Coil has a master or not, and Coil mentions a key. Feyli takes the **Key to Coil** out, which is a thin cylinder that appears to fit somewhere in Coil's locked jaw. Estavan doesn't recognize the symbols on the key but recognizes it as Vodean. He's still astounded at Coil's sentience and freedom. Estavan copies what the key looks like in a journal to ask around later, and he gives the key back. If Coil has any mroe questions, he could ask Estavan about anything, or they could go to Rycefall to learn more.

The Party asks what Mobe has, and Mobe says he could take pretty much anything, including scrap metals and artifacts. Mobe also happens to have half of a helm that would fit Coil's head. Coil asks how much, and Estavan says it could be for free if he's allowed to pester Coil more about everything. Coil agrees. Coil also asks if it is possible to open him up to figure out what was writhing inside of him. Estavan is hesitent since he's only worked on <span style="color:teal">**Cog**</span>, his little automaton. Coil agrees to show up the next day, and Estivan says he'll be in the shop. He also gives Mobe some extra coins for his troubles. Trilby proposes going to the Champion's Hall, so everyone heads over. On the outside, a tour group is assmbling, an a plaque nearby says tours start each hour for 2sp each. The tour guide is a human woman named <span style="color:teal">**Kaira Heinsworth**</span>, who proceeds to lead the group inside. The mansion is enormous. The walls are made of fancy stonework and marble. A fountain with a twinkling star is featured on the grounds. A hedge garden and tree tops can be seen surrounding the are as well. Inside, a pair of curving staircases sweep into a central staircase that leads to the balcony. A central bronze dias sees a fist-sized white orb foating about a foot off the ground. A projection of E'lythia shines from it. Orlon, <span style="color:brown">**Tievenera**</span> and <span style="color:brown">**Djoria**</span> can be fully seen. Portions of other lands can be seen as well. A red dot pulses within a crater in Orlon, marking Northcliff. The orb is called a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Beacon Map**</span>, marking where each member was at any given time. Many of the artifacts & relics are not original, and some could even be called poorly made. Five fo such poorly made replicas are dragon scales. Gelnek asks about the Champions' history with Dragons. Kaira explains how the Champions killed a Lich, leaving a power vacuum that the Dragons attempted to fill. The battle between those Dragons spilled over into the realm of mankind, who declared war on the Dragons. The Champions were then commissioned by the Council to kill the Dragons and end the war. The tour continues with various other monster pieces that were preserved. Upstairs has 12 unique and ornate doors, which would have been each Champion's respective room. The rooms were tailored to the Champions themselves. However, the magic for each respective room has passed, leaving only an empty closet behind each door. The tour ends with Kaira revealing an enormous painting of the 12 champions, who get named left to right. 
<br>
The Champions of Virtue are: Arther Oathbringer, a male Human; <span style="color:gray">*Eldwin Flyleaf*</span>, an male Elf; Adokus Thandar; <span style="color:teal">**Beery Noryox**</span>, a female Dragonborn; <span style="color:gray">*Liia Siano*</span>, a female Elf; <span style="color:gray">*Volen Ashblade*</span>, a female Goliath; <span style="color:gray">*Luth Helder*</span>, a male Human; <span style="color:gray">*Reed Brushgather*</span>, a male Gnome; <span style="color:gray">*Orsik Frostbeard*</span>, a male Dwarf; <span style="color:teal">**Gregor Timbers**</span>, a male Human; <span style="color:gray">*Shawndry Fezum*</span>, a female Tiefling; <span style="color:gray">*V*</span>, a tall, long-eared man with thick blond hair falling behind his back. 

Hobson falls unconcious, prompting a private scene of Valse's memories. Valse walks into the mansion surrounded by his companions, about 10 of which are in sight right now. This newly formed space was created so they could protect the realm. The hand of Arther is felt on his shoulder and he asks if Valse is okay. Valse responds about his nervousness. He can see Adokus leading some of the other Champions towards the doors upstairs, explaining how they work. Valse has clearly been added to the Champions, but he is still the odd man out in this situation. Valse walks over to Arther, who is talking to Luth, trying to not be awkward. Luth is heard mentioning how the Empire wanted this super team of Champions to exist to serve the realm before noticing Valse, calling him "V". Luth mentions how Valse came from the Fae, but Valse feels very uncomfortable in this situation. The whole memory feels real, and Valse remembers it. He is wearing familiar gear, including a pair of familiar silver bracers with red gems in it. Arther tells Valse that the Champions could keep a lid on Valse's origins if desired. This is, after all, the first time the Champions have met casually. They had previously been formally brought together under <span style="color:teal">**Leofrick Ozark**</span>, the Emperor of Orlon. Other than Arther, nobody knows Valse really well, so Arther's confidence allows Valse to be more confident than normal. Valse goes back and forth between different circles as time goes on. Arther eventually comes back to talk with Valse, mentioning how Valse always wanted to be a hero, right?

We cut back to the present as the Party hears Hobson just collapse facefirst into the ground with a light thud. Hobson regains conciousness after a few seconds and is completely disoriented. He has his brief puzzlement that comes with being controlled by Valse but eventually rolls with it as normal. Kaira goes off to get Hobson some water, but both Hobson and Valls remember the vision. Hobson spends a few minutes trying to remember everything about the vision. The tour ends after everyone checks in on Hobson. Hobson tries his best to absorb everything in the Museum since Valse was in control during the tour. He asks Kaira if whether the library would have more information, and she says yes. She also mentions how Adokus lives in the city and has his dojo. Hobson runs out when he hears that. The Party thanks Kaira for the tour and begin to follow Hobson, who was standing right outside since he has no idea where he is in the city. The Party heads off to <span style="color:coral">**The Crossed Swords**</span>, which is the name of Adokus's dojo. They pass the Crystal Circle, which is the religious district in the city. In the center is a large Green Void Crystal floating about 30 ft in the air. The temples around this circle each have symbols of the Divine Nine. The East part of the city is nicknamed Old Town as it is less technologically advanced. The dojo has some seating and bar service, and the center has a snad pit where some people are sparring & gambling. Adokus is behind a counter, in a lot more casual clothing. He gives a nod to the Party as they enter. Hobson goes up to Adokus and asks to know everything Adokus knows about V. Adokus recalls that V was from the Feywild, marking him as an Eladrin. V was a gifted mage attuned to earth and nature magic. Hobson asks if he remembers what happend to V, and Adokus racks his brain trying to remember. Adokus says that a few years back, Arther dissapeared for a few years. When Arther reappeared, he led a small army on a floating castle near <span style="color:brown">**Westmont**</span> in the South. The castle was highly advanced and the people weren't quite right in the head. V and Orsik went to investigate. Things went south and the castle fell into the island of <span style="color:brown">**Shoreza**</span>. Shoreza was also the location where the Champions confronted & killed the Lich. Since that crash landing, the Champions have not heard from Orsik nor V, including scrying. Hobson holds up his silver bracer and asks if it is familiar. Adokus doesn't immediately recognize it. Hobson confirms that V is Valse. Hobson says that Valse may be in the bracer. Adokus asks where Hobson got the bracer, which Hobson says came in the mail.

As he was working at the mage school as an administrator, he handled packages. The package the bracer was in was really weird, with scrawlings and a wrong addres. Hobson opened it up before seeing the headmaster about it, and stupidly put it on. Thus, Valse is able to talk to Hobson and occasionaly take over his body. Adokus asks where the school was, and Hobson replies that it was in Silverhill. Adokus says that Gregor lives in the area, so that is probably who the package was for. Assuming this is true, someone has been to Shoreza and back. Valse, unfortunately, knows basically nothing. Adokus finds this strange since Valse was always at least compitant, but he has no idea what the bracer is. Adokus says that some kind of Greater Restoration spell at the <span style="color:coral">**Temple of the Nine**</span> could probably sever the connection between Hobson and Valse. Adokus offers to send a message to Gregor to help figure out what happened. Hobson continues to ask questions about Valse with Adokus answering for about an hour. The rest of the Party is fascinated by Hobson's sudden enthusiasm, but they don't do anything as Hobson and Adokus wrap up their conversation. Sunset falls across the town, and Coil says he should probably head back to the inn for the rune. So, the Party walks back to the inn, which is significantly busier than eariler in the day. As Coil walks in, he is greeted by a Gnome assistent to Casma, who engraves the rune on the inside of Coil's forearm. The Party gets food & drink together. Coil & Feyli notice that Horace is sitting at a table, watching the Party casually. Coil mentions that Horace seemed to know Feyli, but Feyli doesn't know him. Coil goes up to talk to Horace, bringing up that he recognized Feyli. Horace leans in and asks for the two of them to keep a secret. Coil reluctantly agrees, depending on the information. Hoarace asks if Feyli still has the <span style="color:tan">**Music Box**</span>. Coil says he has it and asks what it does. Horace says Feyli came to him in order to forget some things. The Music Box was the catalyst that said things were forgotten. The memory spell needed to be cast multiple times, and since Feyli used the Music Box frequently, it seemed like the natural thing. Coil asks if the function still works. Horace says that a glyph inside the box should be glowing if it is still needed. Coil checks and the glyph is no longer glowing, so the procedure has been completed. The box is safe for Feyli to handle it, though she may still act weird with it. The box was given about 4-5 months ago, and the enchantment was supposed to last 1 month. Apparently, Feyli found Horace in Springoak in his white tower rather than in Northcliff. Coil asks if Horace recalls what Feyli wanted to forget, but Horace wasn't given specifics. Bad people were chasing Feyli and she wanted to make sure they couldn't learn something from her. It was a lot of memories, whatever it was. The two of them continue to make small talk before Coil heads back to the Party.

At this point, Feyli takes a WIS save and fails. The hairs on the back of her neck get tingly but she doesn't notice anything else. Hobson apologizes to the Party about the whole Valse controlling him, especially if it caused any problems. A glossed over conversation between Hobson and Valse takes place, where Hobson tries to explains to Valse who acts like he knows everything already despite clearly not. Hobson is now even more confused about the whole Valse situation. Everyone heads off to bed at this point. Trilby heads off to fix Scrubbins, which he easily is able to do. Trilby continues to work on the healing bee, but progress was slower than on Scrubbins. He also takes the normal silver ring and turns it into a Spell Refueling Ring as an Infusion. Gelnek goes over to talk to Morenthal, who is reluctant to talk but still accepts. Gelnek wants to understand Morenthal further, especially since Morenthal's words and actions are conflicting. Gelnek wants to test Morenthal by revealing his deepest secret. Gelnek says that his pilgrimage to get stronger has already completed. He failed. He has been banished from the O'Stanke tribe, so he deals with feelings of inadequacy. What Morenthal does with this information is up to him now. Morenthal admits that the two of them are more alike than not. Gelnek is not the only one to be banished from a group and Morenthal is not the only one hunted by demons. Morenthal opens up, saying he was hiding in Filgrove because a secret was weaponized against him. Morenthal tried to run away from the life he knew, but the life he ran away from doesn't let people run. He's sorry that he dragged the Party into his troubles. In fact, the whole group dynamic is new to Morenthal, and he expected the Party to leave him behind. Gelnek is proud that Morenthal did not run away from the Party. No body in the Party fits in anywhere, which is why they fit together. Gelnek thanks Morenthal for opening the door before heading off to his room again. Coil decides to keep watch over Feyli and attune to his Mantle of the Pack Lord. Late in the night, Morenthal sees a faint golden glow coming from his gear. He knows exactly what it is, so he goes over to see it clearly. The Soul Egg glows warmly, but something seemed to move inside, as if a globe was moving inside. Morenthal examines it closely, seeing that it just looks like a nice egg of amber. He picks it up to examine it more. As he does, a voice calls out for him to not stop touching the egg. Morenthal immediately puts it back down in shock. He goes back to converse with Everit. Everit asks for Morenthal to shatter the egg, offering offshore bank accounts. Morenthal wants to know what the egg wants specifically. Everit says that he did an experiment that resulted in him being put into the egg. He asks again for Morenthal to break the egg. Morenthal puts the egg down and lets go.

A few minutes later, Morenthal picks up the egg again and again asks why the egg should be broken. Everit has no better ideas on how to free himself, so breaking the egg is the best idea he has. Neither of them have any idea what would happen, so Morenthal agrees to break the egg. Morenthal hurls the egg against the wall, easily shattering it in a flash. An amber sihilloette forms before dissipating. The shattering wakes up Trilby next door, who gets gaslit by Morenthal saying nothing happened. As Morenthal goes back to sleep, he gets several flashes of Everit's memories. He gains proficiency in History. Morning breaks, and the Party heads downstairs to see Adokus drinking a cup of coffee. Adokus tells them that he convinced Casma to allow Morenthal & Feyli to proceed without the blood tracking. Everyone heads off to the Spire to be briefed. A sideroom with a desk and another Projection Orb is embedded in the desk. Adokus, Casma, and a new third figure are present. This third figure is a female fall Eladrin named <span style="color:teal">**Ciona**</span>. The meeting begins, with Adokus stating there are 9 other artifacts on the danger level of the Staff of Defilement (henceforth refered to as <span style="color:forestgreen">**The 10 Artifacts**</span>). The Vaults have records of each of the artifacts, and they likely ended up in the first place they appeard on the Material Plane. 
<br>
These artifacts include: <span style="color:gray">*The Throne of Want*</span>, first seen North of Morfield but is currently unknown; <span style="color:gray">*The Shaper of Minds*</span>, a small brass key, allowing full mental control of a person. Location is unknown; <span style="color:gray">*The Planar Mirror*</span>, a shattered piece of glass that allows for Planar travel. Location is potentially on the island of Shoreza. Beery Norax has volunteered to lead an expedition; <span style="color:gray">*Gauntlet of the Eye*</span>, a twisted gauntlet of a dead Beholder. Location is potentially in the <span style="color:brown">**Desert of Thorns**</span>; <span style="color:gray">*Wand of Chaos*</span>, which is a continuously shapeshifting weapon. Location is likely in <span style="color:brown">**Wildwin**</span> in Tievenera; <span style="color:gray">*Heart of the Keep*</span>, a heart beating that creates its own demiplane fortress. Location is determined to be the coast of <span style="color:brown">**Varo'El**</span> which has laid the island to seige; <span style="color:gray">*The Amber Dragon Eye*</span>, an actual Dragon eye that gives power to the user when dragons are slain. <span style="color:brown">**Dragonhold**</span> Has been informed & is thus under lockdown. Location is unknown; <span style="color:gray">*The Ring of Flame*</span> is a small copper ring made from a shard of the Flame Tyrant. Location is potentially at the <span style="color:brown">**Ashen Highlands**</span> near a volcano; <span style="color:gray">*Flower of Rebirth*</span>, which can bring back any being once a year. Location was last used in <span style="color:brown">**Lafford**</span>, but its next location is random. Feyli recognizes Lafford as the Black Hand's headquarters. To travel, the Viradescent Javelin and teleportation circles are at the Party's disposal. End of Session.