## Session 14: Roots of Death

Before the Session truly begins, Gelnek arrives in the Black Hand's HQ. By magic, he heard the thunderclap from Hobson's Thunder Step and rushed to meet the Party just in time for them to enter the First's Shrine. The Second has raised several Black Hand members, including Ember & Sawyer. *Combat Begins.* The zombies attack and begin to swarm the Party with their superior numbers. As one of them claws Coil, the black ichor causes Coil to lock up and become paralyzed. The Second gives a big toothy grin and dissapears from the room. The Hand of the First goes to attack Coil as well. Gelnek, seeing that CON saves are needed, gives Feyli, Coil & Trilby Enhanced Ability with Bear's Endurance. Feyli activates Starry Form in Archer mode, allowing for additional attacks. Hobson procs Armor of Agythys to be slightly tankier, and the rest of the zombies swarm. Coil is able to shake off the paralysis, and he calls to Feyli to use the Key to Coil. The rest of the Party manage to take down a few zombies. The Second, invisible as he casts it, blasts everyone except Trilby with a Lightning Bolt. Feyl uses the key on Coil's jaw. Coil's muzzle falls off, and what had previously been "calm" Coil shifts into a much more battle ready and bloodthirsty form of Coil. In this form, Coil is able to take bites out of the Hand of the First, healing for a tiny bit each time. Scrubbins continues to give protective shields to the Party. As Trilby goes to cast another Shatter, but The Second manages to cast Counterspell. Morenthal shouts "Counterspell this!" and shoots The Second with an arrow. The Second, in retaliation, attempts to connect his lifeforce to Morenthals, but Morenthal manages to dodge. Feyli gets the final blow on the reanimated corpse of Ember, which she is happy about. Hobson's Detect Magic is used for free, and he detects traces of Enchantment on Ember and Sawyer's corpses. A pair of objects are on the Second, one heavy in Necromancy, and the other as heavy in Divine. Hobson deduces the Second has the seed. The sword of the Hand is also exuding Necromancy. Coil bites the Hand's armor partially off, revealing that its body is practically a skeleton. Trilby uses the Healing Bee on Morenthal, healing him slightly. Trilby aslo christens the gadget as the <span style="color:gray">**Trilbee**</span>. As Morenthal hits The Second again with an arrow, The Second runs over to the altar. He pleads with The First to return to this world using The Second's remaining lifeforce as fuel. The Second withers as the First's bones begin to absorb his energy. Gelnek manages to scare the Hand with Dissonant Whispers, and Coil kills him as the Hand retreats. Feyli kills the final zombie, ending this portion of combat. A moment of silence sees Coil rush The Second and Feyli's Archer form attacks him. Coil tears a sizable chunk of The Second's body off. However, the floor begins to shake, and The First's body convulses. A rib pierces The Second's body, and as the Party prepares to attack, a bolt of black lightning pierces the ceiling. It strikes the body of the First, and the Party is pushed back by a whirlwind. 

The First's body has a massive skull with a classic Resident Evil style eyeball within. The ribcage covers another humanoid form made out of bone, but it has no face. Four enormous legs lift the body off the ground. A terrible scream causes the entire Party to clench their heads in pain as the figure climbs out of the coffin. *Combat Resumes.* Morenthal opens with an Assassination bow shot. The First's Form approaches Feyli, but one of its legs pierces Coil. A large bone whip with a fist at the end slams into Feyli, nearly knocking her backward. Before Feyli can react, the First's Form uses the first Legendary Action of the campaign: using its eye to stare into Feyli's soul. Feyli staves off this gaze and manages to back off without getting stabbed. The second Legendary Action sees the First's Form dig its bones into the earth, and bone pillars shoot up around Morenthal who dodges their grappling forms. As Morenthal hits with the Purging Dagger, the First's Form smacks Coil & Morenthal with bone spears and fists. The Party and the First's Form continue to trade blows back and forth, neither side gaining a clear advantage. Hobson approaches as Trilby goes to use his Burning Hands Spell Scroll which burns away on the successful cast. Hits and damage continue to fly back and forth. After Trilby casts a Scorching Ray at the First's Form, it turns its giant eyeball towards Morenthal who fails the WIS save. The bone figure within the ribcage falls out in front of him. The face restructures to resemble an <span style="color:teal">**Unknown Child**</span>, which is immediately recognized by Morenthal, frightening him and causing him to just stand there. More hits and damage from Feyli's Moonbeam begin to break down the First Form's legs. Coil, with the last of his rage, bites off one of the First Form's legs. This does, unfortunately, leave Coil Stunned for one turn. The columns of bone target Trilby this time, and he's unable to get out of the way as the bones wrap around him. Trilby is restrained by these bone pillars. Morenthal continues to be frightened of the Child, and so he kneels with his hands at his side, utterly defeated. With Coil being stunned, the First's Form is easily able to smash Coil with its fist, pushing him away. The First's Form then whips around to stab Hobson, who takes the extra necrotic. Using a custom subclass feature, Hobson teleports to the back of the chamber and goes invisible. To the rest of the Party, it appears that Hobson just disintegrated. Gelnek, with a cry of rage, casts Dissonant Whispers to deal the final blow. Beating his drum vigorously, he calls upon the power of Aether the Breaker himself to vanquish the First's Form. It attempts to regenerate itself, but it can no longer hold its form together. It shrivels and dries into just a amorphous puddle of dry bony material. In the center is a small chunk of gore with the <span style="color:forestgreen">**Seed of the Flower of Rebirth**</span> inside. The whirlwind quiets down, and the Party managed to stop the First's resurrection.

Hobson drops his invisibility, surprised as the rest of the Party is that he is now standing in the back of the chamber. Gelnek is on his knees, dramatically calling out to Hobson, who he presumes dead. Hobson tells Gelnek he's in the back, and the Party is relieved by his survival. Morenthal wipes his face of tears and tries to act like nothing happened on the Child front. As the Party discusses how to transport the Seed, Feyli leaves the Shrine. Gelnek takes a piece of cloth and picks up the pearl sized Seed. Coil wakes up from his dazed and bloodthirsty hyper rage, dripping some kind of black substance due to the damage he took. Trilby finds the Key to Coil and gives it back to Coil for safe keeping. The black ichor reminds Coil of the black ooze that crawled inside of him a while ago. The Party go find Feyli inside of the torture chamber with Aryc's remnants. Feyli finds a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Dice Necklace**</span>, which was the only intact momento she could find on his body, sobbing as she mourns Aryc. Hopefully, this chapter regarding the Black Hand is closed. Coil asks what the Party should do with the base, and Feyli says they should burn all of it. All but Aryc, who Coil suggests they bury. Everyone walks out of the base, back into the clearing of rocks and trees. Feyli heads over to the creek, and the Party buries Aryc near a tree there. Some moments of reflection and mourning pass. Feyli places a few flowers on the grave. While Feyli knows other members exist, their leaders are dead. Unless someone has a personal vendetta against her, she should be alright for now. It is now about 4 PM, and the Party discuss ways to destroy the base. They decide to loot and burn any records, spellbooks, etc to try to prevent any other cults picking up the pieces. Feyli & Coil choose to keep each other company on the surface. During the search, Hobson finds a <span style="color:gray">**Flesh Bound Tome**</span>, <span style="color:gray">**The Hand's Sword**</span>, <span style="color:gray">**Sawyer's Monocle**</span> and <span style="color:gray">**Ember's Ring**</span> that all ping as magical. He takes the monocle and ring. Across the base, about 287gp can be found off of the corpses. As things burn, the Party goes back to Feyli & Coil, and together, they all walk back towards the Airship. Hobon and Trilby split off towards Lafford to find the remnants of Illustrious Delight. They wave in greeting as Hobson walks over to them. He says the Party found a rough area with Ember & Sawyer's remains inside. He hands over the monocle and ring, telling Illustrious Delight to pass them along to whoever. Tesen deflates, Gorm gives a solemn nod, and Rum & Elm are suspicious. Elm asks if the Part killed them and Hobson says no. Rum takes up the ring and makes a very bad joke about selling the ring for money. Tesen gives a word of thanks. Trilby and Hobson leave to head back to the Airship.

Back on the ship, Azrew calls to the Party in greeting, and he asks if everything went well. The Party responds that they may not be good, but they got the Artifact. With that, everyone on the ship prepares to set sail back to Northcliff. Hobson apologizes for the unfamiliar teleportation magic to Gelnek, who says not to worry about it. For the first time in months, Feyli doesn't feel the feeling of being watched constantly. Even with all the trauma in the base, she feels relatively at peace. Morenthal goes up to Gelnek finally allows himself to talk about what happened. He apologizes to Gelnek for losing his composure against the First's Form. Before Morenthal can walk away, Gelnek reminds him that everyone has demons that haunt them. Gelnek invites Morenthal to talk about the child. Morenthal simply says he's had a long career, and you don't ask questions. You usually try to forget faces, thinking of them as targets. There is always the one, however, that truly makes you ask "why them?" That child was the one that made Morenthal question his life choices. Gelnek, for once, decides to listen and drink with Morenthal. Morenthal explains how he ran away from the Bloodletters, a decision that haunts him. They even are still hunting him, because they refuse to let go. Morenthal, however, decided to draw the line at killing a child, despite however many he's killed in the past. Gelnek thanks Morenthal for opening up to him, saying that Morenthal is one of the most important people Gelnek has met. Gelnek is proud of Morenthal for proving himself something more than a tool. They clink glasses in cheers, sticking together as long as needed. Trilby draws a few items from his Bag of Holding.  He pulls a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Pair of Marbles**</span> and a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Grappling Hook**</span>. The trip itself is uneventful, so the Airship arrives in Northcliff around midday. Azrew tells the Party that they'll need a day or two for resupply and repairs. He recommends that the Party take that time to rest, and he repeats that they are at the Party's disposal. The Party doesn't want to waste any time, so they walk straight to the Spire to turn in the Seed. Casma is staring into the central monitor chamber before noticing the Party. They head off to the side meeting room, and Casma mentions how fast the Party was. They only really had time to travel there and back. Gelnek takes out the Seed as Casma inspects it with her specialized monocle. She casts a Sending spell to Adokus to request a proper storage device for it. A temporary vault is in Northcliff while the Vaults of Eversteel get rebuilt. Casma is impressed since the Party has recovered a pair of artifacts compared to the zero by other groups.

Casma asks for a full report, and the Party decides to not give the exact truth of what happens. Gelnek goes on a rambling story, claiming they found it in a cave full of monsters. Gelnek's performance is enough to convince Casma of the story. Adokus should be on his way with the payment of 1250gp per person (7500 total). Gelnek, however, wants his share to go to Hobson for someone to build a statue of Hobson. Hobson is speechless and confused by this idea. Valse takes over and calls it a grand idea. Casma thinks it over, saying that 1250 is a lot for a statue, but she'll speak to <span style="color:teal">**Mr. Wyat**</span> about installing a statue of Hobson somewhere. Thus, Gelnek's share of the money will go towards this statue. Adokus eventually comes in with a lockbox for the Seed. Casma tells him to withold Gelnek's share for the statue, and she heads out. Everyone else gets 1250gp. Adokus thanks the Party for making a good impression on Casma and says other jobs could open up the next time the Party wants it. They should rest, and he gives 125 gp for drinks & food, which Gelnek happily takes. He leaves to go discuss these developments with Casma and the Council. The Party has the rest of the day free, so Coil leads Feyli to a nice grove to rest. He reminds her that she can rely on Coil if she ever needs to talk. Coil hands over the Key back to her so she can hold onto it. Feyli still doesn't understand why Aryc was killed, let alone the rest of things the Second claimed. No one deserved what happend to Aryc, least of all him. She thinks he believed in the Black Hand until the end. While the idea may never die, this cult is dead and gone. She hopes that nobody else is going to come after her. Coil says that her knowledge of the Black Hand unmade them, so maybe that knowledge was good in the end. The hope from the cult is false, even if it is something to cling onto. But now Feyli has the Party, and that counts for quite a lot. So, she'll keep marching onward, just as Aryc would have wanted. The two of them relax in each other's company for a while after that. End of Session. 