## Session 4: We need to go Deeper!

We open next to the underground water resevoir in the Underdark after a Long Rest. Trilby immediately sifts into his Bag of Many Things, pulling out a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Ship in a Bottle**</span> about the size of an apple. He accidentally breaks a mast by poking at it with Mage Hand. Feyli inspects the Deck of Cards: All twenty cards are visibly separated from each other, and both sides of the deck show the same face card. During this insepction, she does pull one out. This card is *"Wheel of Fortune"* and it burns in her hands and dissipates. WoF effect one: Feyli has trouble finding the perfect spot to put away the Deck. Now that the Party is packed and ready to go, Coil uses the Dowsing rod. The Party travels along the coast of this underground lake. They find a descending path and some abandoned/used climbing gear. A few hours pass as the Party continues along this path. While walking, Gelnek talks to Morenthal. Gelnek tries to make up his scolding to Morenthal, but Morenthal continues to be abrasive and alone. Gelnek believes Morenthal believes the world is cold and cynical, but Gelnek desires to show Morenthal that the world is not solely cold and cyncial.

After about five hours of traveling, the tunnel seems to transition into man-made tunneling. This tunnel widens into a larger cave with a charred floor. This hole is clearly not the natural cave formation. Hobson notices a beetle hovering and panicking off the ground, seemingly attached to a very thin thread. Coil slices the thread, releasing the beetle. Looking up, there appears to be leftover webs on the stalactites around. A slab of slate creates a natural bridge across more water into more man-made tunnels. Parts of the Party are watching out and noticing the strange web stuff. Marching order at this point is Coil, Morenthal, Feyli, Hobson, Gelnek, Trilby. The Party crosses, and about a third of the way across, the Party sees a humanoid hand off to their right. Coil, Feyli, and Morenthal make DEX saves. WoF effect 2: Disadvantage for Feyli. Feyli fails this, as a bunch of legs spray Web on the her. The creatures reveal themselves. They have 4 arms each, and they wield homemade weapons. *Combat Begins.*

Morenthal immediately cuts one down while Gelneck quickly frees Feyli. The bug hybrid creatures swarm the Party, dealing a lot of damage all around. Feyli activates her starry form and heals Morenthal & herself. Trilby sends Scrubbins in flamethrower mode to hit the creatures and avoiding the Party. Hobson also swings at any who come close. Gelnek dashes between some creatures' legs to line up spells. More creatures appear, and it looks like they'll keep coming! WoF effects during combat: Disadvantage on attacks & skill checks. DJ&D uses Flanking rules which means that the attack gets advantage. After a few rounds of reinforcements, Morenthal decides to jump into the water, since the creatures seem to dislike it. The only way out is forward, so Morenthal jumps into the water, forcing the rest of the Party to follow. On the far left of the bridge, Trilby is the first to see and get through the exit. Soon after, the Party makes it out of combat as the spider creatures don't follow.

After the spider nest, the next set of travelling is uneventful. It all appears to be manmade tunnels and blasts, though nothing nearly as dangerous as the nest. The Party decides to take a long rest in a safe spot along the tunnels. Hobson makes the Adamantine Shortsword his pact weapon, which takes a bit longer as Valss has been very quiet today. Gelnek talks to Morenthal again, pointing out that Morenthal kept the Party safer by taking the water route. Morenthal keeps his walls up and remains apathetic towards the Party as a whole. Gelnekc continually pushes optimism onto Morenthal, but Morenthal doesn't believe it because of Morenthal's own past. Coil and Feyli talk to each other about Feyli having problems in the last combat. Feyli attributes the weirdness to the Deck, but is still incredibly confused about it. Coil is obviously concerned about the card, though, he is convinced the Deck is dangerous.

Feyli wakes to find that the tingle in her hand from the card is gone. Trilby wakes and once again immediately reaches into the Bag of Many Things again. This time, it's a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Horn Shell**</span> of some kind, but it only seems to be a trinket. Coil uses the Dowsing Rod to confirm the correct direction, and so the Party continues along. It is still incredibly quiet with the exception of small creatures. Some gear continues to be left behind. During the walk, Gelnek talks to Hobson about Hobson's ability to fight. More specifically, why Hobson seems reluctant to fight. Hobson says it's a long story, and how he wasn't supposed to be a warrior. Gelnek points out that Hobson keeps fighting despite being afraid, and Gelnek is impressed by it. Hobson takes great pride in this fact. He asks Gelnek about Gelnek's tribe. Gelnek says the tribe is very far away, and his pilgrimage has taken years for him to become strong. If/when he eventuallyy returns, he will fight other pilgrims to continually strengthen the tribe. Hobson would love to hear more.

Eventually, the Party finds a larger opening that had been cleared by the miners. This time, it was made by pushing boulders without the use of explosives. On the other side is a natural cavern that widens. Small pools of water are inside, and stalactites are everywhere. The Dowsing Rod keeps ointing tot he other side of the room, but they Party will need to navigate around the stalgmites to get there. Gelnek loos around and notices a boot at the base of a stalagmite. Coil goes to take a closer look, but can't discern anything. Coil pulls out Bartholomew after remembering that Bartholomew exists. He appreciates the adventure, though he clearly doesn't know a lot about the current situation. Gelnek also takes a closer look by dancing around the stalagmites and going through the pools. As this is happening, the rest of the Party notices a stalagmite nearby animate and attack Gelnek with some tentrils. *Combat Begins*

The Party immediately leaps to Gelnek's aid, though Hobson needs to pull out his pact weapon. Trilby summons Scrubbins in Flamethrower mode once again. The other Party members move in to attack while the Roper grabs Scrubbins & Trilby and takes a big chunk out of Gelnek. A bit later, Everyone except for Coil is wrapped in the Roper's tendrils and starts taking bites. Trilby falls unconcious after two bites but is healed by Feyli. As revenge, he drops his rocking horse that kills the Roper using Thunderwave. 

Trilby takes a life saver to heal up a bit more. Gelnek points out that the boot is evidence of the miners going through, so they hopefully are getting close. Gelnek requests a short rest, which the Party takes immediately before resuming the long walk. Trilby gives a nice thank you to Feyli. Dan J. does a quick fast forward of 2 days of travel. Over those two days, Trilby reaches twice more into the Bag of Many Things, pulling out a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Aquamarine Dagger**</span> and a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Green Void Crystal**</span>. Trilby gives the Dagger to Coil. The Void Crystal is mildly interesting, as a city called <span style="color:brown">**Northcliff**</span> is supported by Void Crystals. Green Void Crystals seem to have mild anti-gravity properties, so it could be used for carrying heavy items or making arrows fly farther.

On the third day of travel, the air becomes a bit thicker and dustier. The tunnel is circular and seemingly made of dirt. A small green light is at the end of the tunnel. The remnants of footprints can be seen in the floor. The tunnel opens into a larger spherical cavern filled with massive mushrooms and a mushroom creature. The creature greets the Party, choosing to call himself <span style="color:teal">**Me**</span>. The Party asks about the rest of the Miners, and Me points to the path the Miners took. Trilby asks about any dangers, and Me mentions <span style="color:teal">**The Ancient One**</span> that protects the peaceful Underdark creatures. Unless it decides to eat the Party. Hobson calls upon Valss's knowledge to see if he's seen Me before. This is confirmation that Valss is a homebrewed Warlock Patron. Valss tells Hobson to hurry and take Me's offer to show the Party where to go. The Party *is* a source of nutrients after all. The Party follows Me for the tour of the cavern. Me opens the root-covered path and the Party goes through. Coil sees a Dwarf corpse as they exit, confirming that the mushrooms are not to be trusted.

After some more travelling, the tunnel enters an enormous chamber, over 100 ft high and 60 ft wide. A fully underground lake with bioluminescent water is inside. About a quarter of the way along the coast, a small camp with a fire can be seen. The Party approaches with suspicion. The camp has five dwarves that are relaxed and eating a meal. This is the mining crew that was told to wait while the Crown's Guard got closer to the supposed location of the staff. There is apparently a Duergar city called <span style="color:brown">**Sibera**</span> to the north, so this location was a good place to stop. Some folk have come from the city, though the miners were told not to enter. The miners and the Party catch up on the cave travel. The Miners are worried about the Crown's Guard, but they can't do anything since none of them are fighters. <span style="color:teal">**The Miners**</span> are <span style="color:gray">*Flail*, *Dolnar*, *Felron*, *Renmar*, and *Bill*</span>. The Crown's Guard headed further along the coast through another tunnel. The Party tell the Miners to stay at the lake, since it's probably safe. Their rations will last about 6 more days. Trilby gives half of the hardened candy ball to them.

As there is still plenty of time in the day, the Party chooses to press onward and follow the Crown's Guard. Eventually, the path transitions into mand-made construction and stone tiles leading up to a large open door. Next to the door is a small dead garden and a shimmering gem in a stalactite. The door leads down into another tunnel. Hobson inspects the gem using Detect Magic, revealing it to be Evocation. The Party approaches the doors and enters. The change is immediate. The smell is of sweetness and rotting food. The cave is slightly tinted red as particles in the air reappear. There is an old rusty statue at the bottom of the stairs. It is a plate armored figure with a large spear in its shoulder as it holds a sword. The statue is covered in a layer of rust. On the right is a hallway and the left sees a collappsed passage. End of Session.