## Session 3: The Undercroft and Below.

We open in the Mosswing basement with the Party and a bound & gagged Gale Mosswing. Trilby hands Hobson a Life Saver healing him. Incredulous, the Party asks why Gale did what he did. Gale tells a story of The Hag in town that pointed him toward a mage nearby. The mage’s book would help Gale to improve the farm after it fell on hard times. The book worked and the crops flourished, at the cost of Julia and <span style="color:teal">**Mona**</span>’s life forces, mutating them into the monsters. Trilby examines the spellbook, finding it filled with necromancy and dark magic. Gale reveals the book was given by Dave the Necromancer, and the Hag in town lives in the <span style="color:coral">**Undercroft**</span> of the city With these questions done, Morenthal wastes no time in executing Gale for “perverting the course of nature.” Feyli approves while Trilby, Hobson, and Gelnek disapprove strongly. After collecting various items in the basement, the Party returns to Filgrove and reports to the Green Ravens.

Hestio takes a second to process the story of Gale Mosswing & the necromancers. He sends a pair off to the Mosswing farm to investigate. He also discusses the Hag and how she deals in information. Furthermore, the Green Ravens offer an unofficial invitation to the Party, but first, Hestio is going to show the Party around the Undercroft. The Undercroft is like the basement of the city, serving as the slums. Hestio leads the Party to a wooden shack and indicates that this is the Hag’s home. Trilby tells Hestio that Morenthal killed Gale, and Hestio does not seem to care much. The shack is filled with small magic knicknacks, and the Hag is inside wearing a heavy cloak. Gelnek questions the Hag about Gale getting the book, but the Hag tries to play coy and fails. The Hag is actually relieved Gale got caught and reveals that the missing trader was supposed to meet with her. The Hag’s name is <span style="color:teal">**Karshala**</span>. No other necromancers have been around, as it is rare for them this far north. Except for <span style="color:Brown">**Ravenmire**</span>, but why would you be in Ravenmire? Trilby buys two magical red jelly bean candies for 20 gp total. They make it “harder to fall in battle,” (it cost Morenthal 5 gp for that information). Feyli chooses to owe the Hag a favor™ in return for a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Deck of Cards**</span>. Coil buys a glowing blue human skull for 1 gp.  Also, the Hag has a pair of Uggs boots. The only meaningful piece of information is about the <span style="color:brown">**Shard Coast**</span>, which is full of pirates and thieves, but otherwise nothing interesting seems to happen in Filgrove.

The Party returns for a short rest at the Brass Squid, getting good food and recovering some HP. Hobson wants to know more about necromancy from Feyli and Morenthal, and Gelnek agrees. Avoiding backstories, Feyli tells the Party to watch for the weak hearted and mourning, for those are those that the Necromancers are going to prey upon. Coil tosses the skull around a bit until it asks for Coil to stop. The skull is named Bartholomew, and also hates necromancers, for obvious reasons. The skull is inducted into the Party by Hobson. <span style="color:teal">**Bartholomew**</span> wants to go to the <span style="color:brown">**Fated Steps of Shareaza**</span>, or at least wherever the Party takes him. Morenthal gives Hobson the shortsword (back to a shortsword) to use. The Party then returns to report to the Green Ravens. Hestio thanks Morenthal for killing Gale, much to the dismay of Trilby. Hestio brings the Party back to understand the inner workings of the Green Ravens. Here, some larger monster bounties are processed, and some are available for hunting. The three hunts Hestio mentions are: a <span style="color:gray">*Void Crystal Snail*</span>, an <span style="color:gray">*Adolescent Roc*</span>, and a <span style="color:gray">*Spectral Fire Serpent*</span>. The Party decides to hunt the Void Snail, and Hestio completes the tour of the HQ. Each Green Raven’s specialty is described. In exchange for these monster hunts, the Party can either get new gear crafted and/or get paid. To prepare for the hunt, the Party talks to Cici and gets a map of its lair, roughly a 2 day ride. Due to the void crystals, it is highly resistant (if not immune) to magic, its shell is extremely durable, and it uses acid for its attacks. The reward for the missing persons case was 750 gp (125 per person). Gelnek gives Trilby & Feyli 10 gp, while Trilby gives Cici 1 gp. Cici tells Trilby that Borey (the Crown’s Guard member) wants to see Trilby.

The Party makes further preparations for the hunt, They go to Vera for acid resistance & healing potions (2 of each). Coil & Morenthal are given the resistance while Hobson & Gelnek get the healing potions. Next is Shana for food & rations. The Party is given a sealed drink to be taken before they engage. Finally, the Party goes off to see Borey at the Crown’s Guard. Borey has a bigger job for the Party if wanted. It involves the deep Undercroft and a connection to <span style="color:brown">**Geria**</span> through a tunnel that was never completed. Some Crown’s Guard were sent in to recover something, and contact was lost 4 days ago. The last few reports were concerning, involving fleshy walls & paranoia. These orders come from higher than Filgrove’s order. This task is expected to take about a week, and the time sensitive nature means the Party will take this problem first. Those lost include 3 crowns guard (one is dead), and multiple miners hired from  <span style="color:teal">**Pibbly Glimsby**</span>. Borey suggests that the Party sleep on it. Tilby goes home and gives 193 gp to his family, giving a hilarious explanation for how he got it and where he’s going. Trilby’s mom gives 20 gp back so he doesn’t starve. Trilby is also allowed to have the Party come over at some point. Hobson asks Valss about what the Party may encounter in the flesh dungeon, but Valss has no clue. At least the two of them are starting to get along more. Fast forward to sleeping.

(Sidenote: The shortsword is an Adamantium Shortsword!) Overnight, Gelnek has a dream/vision to the sound of drums. His drum is destroyed and Gelnek has wounds as if fighting. The vision is of his tribe, the <span style="color:aqua">**O’stanke**</span> and the tribe turns their back. The chief looks to a mountain that comes to life. The Breaker no longer feels as comforting as it once was. As Morenthal prepares to go into his trance, he notices that the window is open when it shouldn’t. Calling out, he is confronted by <span style="color:teal">**Molloke Iron**</span>, who has a bounty contract on Feyli for 24,000 gp. If Morenthal isn’t going to take advantage of the bounty then Iron will. He has a warning about the <span style="color:aqua">**Guild**</span> coming after her. Morenthal mentions how this heads up is uncharacteristic of Iron, and Iron responds that Morenthal should thank <span style="color:teal">**Daemon**</span>. Nothing else happens overnight.

In the morning, Trilby meets up with the Party in the Tavern. He shows off the new infusions (+1 AC and darkvision glasses) to each member. A ton of great RP happens here. The Party heads off to Borey for more information on the quest in the Undercroft. Borey doesn’t have much beyond what he said before, but more information is given: Five months ago, an attack was on <span style="color:Brown">**Brightcoin, the Vaults of Eversteel**</span>. The contents were scattered across the realm, and the artifact in question here is a staff, which may be deep below the city in the <span style="color:brown">**Underdark**</span>. The soldiers and miners were sent into the tunnel networks 1 month ago. Hopefully, the Party can gain ground on the missing miners. A magic bag was given to contain the staff, and an item was given to return quickly. The staff was not to be touched. Borey suggests meeting with Mr. Glimsby to see if they can get a guide. Glimsby’s store is called <span style="color:coral">**What’s Mine is Mine**</span>, so the Party heads off to meet with him. Glimsby wants a favor for a favor. He needs an escort to deal with the Red Crystals, and then Glimsby can help guide the Party down into the depths. Coil chooses to impress the time sensitivity of the mission. Glimsby decides to send a lesser guide for 10 gp and 2 days. The lesser guide’s name is <span style="color:teal">**Bill Redshirt**</span>, and he’s got an awesome accent. The Party tries to come up with strategies for the paranoia, but doesn’t really come up with anything useful. And so Borey leads the Party to the entrance.

The main path is in the Undercroft behind a large vault door. The entrance will be sealed behind the Party, so the only way out is to find the return mechanism, a small pearly orb. With this in mind, the Party decides to ensure Bill’s safety by not bringing him along. With no guide, the Party will need to rely on tracking, and Bartholomew suggests using the Hag’s <span style="color:forestgreen">**Dowsing Rod**</span> for sale. Coil purchases it for 50 gp. Since Feyli went into the hut, the Hag decides to turn in her favor™: Bring the staff to the Hag. Trilby tries once more to open his puzzle orb at 29 (DC 25), finally solving it. Rolling a 1d100 (15) yields a book/journal for Trilby to use. Finally, the Party is ready to delve inside the cave. The Dowsing Rod will be used on the miner’s <span style="color:forestgreen">**Sending Stone**</span>.

Gelnek creates Dancing Lights for Hobson and Coil to use. The stairs take 2 hours to descend, and the Party finally reaches the floor. The cave here is very large: 30 ft tall and 15 ft wide, clearly dwarven carved. Every sound is audible, making sneaking very difficult. Nothing is hard to navigate, but the tunnels have not been maintained. Per Dan J’s request, three D20’s are rolled: 5, 1, & 14. In the far distance, a screeching/wounded whimpering can be heard. The sound seems to clear up as chittering, but there are additional wet slaps as the Party approaches. A dead humanoid was crushed by a piece of the ceiling. Some manner of giant grub is also pinned under some debris, and it had presumably been feasting on the body. Coil puts it out of its misery. The Party continues to walk until sunset (maybe?). The mined out cave transitions into natural caverns and a spring of water. This spot seems to be a good place to rest, so the Party chooses to sleep. Coil & Morenthal keep watch and have a conversation.

Morenthal asks Coil about how he and Feyli met. Coil doesn’t know Feyli’s relation to the Black Hand or other necromancers. Coil met her by “circumstance.” He doesn’t know much about Feyli’s history, just her character, and that she seems haunted by something. Morenthal mentions that whatever is haunting her may come back to bite her. Coil still has the antimemetic music box. Morenthal suggests Coil ask about Feyli’s past more, and then he goes off to sleep. Hobson gets a dream/vision overnight. He appears in Filgrove, seemingly back in time. In front of Hobson is a man wearing  half-plate armor, wielding a mace and shield, who turns towards Hobson. As the dream fades, the man approaches and asks, “Valss, what’s wrong?” Hobson feels like the man was familiar, but chooses not to ask Valss just yet. Nothing else happens overnight, but the Party is now Level 4!