## Session 18: Ol'Lui's Keep

*Note, JoCat was unable to attend session, so Dan Jones controlled Gelnek the entire time.*

We open as the Flower Crowns begin their expedition into the Sunken Castle of Ol'Lui by its sewer system. The entrance requires sprinting across 100 ft of open ground and a 15 ft climb to reach the maw. Sprinting between patrols will be the only chance, and going one by one will minimize exposure. The patrols are made up of well-armed humanoids or shambling mounds. A moat of sludge is along the sprint path, requiring either a jump or a wade to get past it. Trilby gives Morenthal his Grappling Hook, and he stealthily gets over to the wall with the sewer entrance. He climbs the loose stones & rock and enters the entrance. He ties the Grappling Hook somewhere inside and leaves it outside for the Party. Gelnek goes next, opting to sprint over the clear ground, and he gets inside the pipe without issue. Trilby is third, and he's able to stealthily get to the sludge moat. He barely crosses it but has trouble climbing the rope to the entrance. Morenthal manages to pull Trilby up with the rope before the next patrol rounds the corner. Fervor's turn is uneventful, so he gets inside as well. Hobson easily gets across to the rope, and Morenthal helps pull Hobson inside as well. Feyli is honored with going second to last. As she attempts to cross the moat, her boot gets very stuck in the mire. Coil rushes over to help her, and he can see the next patrol approaching. Coil yanks her out, and the two of them get across to the rope. Both climb the rope quickly enough to avoid detection by the next patrol. The Party plus Fervor begin to explore the poorly maintained sewer systems of Ol'Lui. A pair of stone doors are locked in front of the Party. A valve is to their right. Another set of doors have been forced open, revealing a relatively long hallway. Granted, since it is completely dark in here, only those with Darkvision can see that. Gelnek activates Dancing Lights to provide a small amount of light, allowing everyone to see a little bit. Stone braisers line the hallways, but many of them have either broken or have eroded away. The Party goes along the hallway, seeing the three different paths and that two of them are blocked with doors. Going along the only open path, another wheel and pair of paths is found. One of said paths is blocked by another closed stone door.

Coil suggests Trilby looks closer at the wheel mechanism. He deduces that it turns some kind of chain, which might open the doors. Morenthal decides to go down the open hallway and finds a dead end with a door. With no other options, Morenthal stomps over to the second valve and turns it. Two doors open, one of which is directly opposite the valve. However, without someone holding the wheel, the doors will automatically close under their own weight. Coil opts to hang back and hold the wheel to keep the doors open. The two doors that opened lead to the same room with another wheel. This time, the third door in the original hallway grinds open. That hallway leads to a larger hallway. Morenthal and Feyli enter that path. In the corner is a large circular grate, which Morenthal hates. Coil and Feyli notice that the heaviest dripping sounds are moving away from Feyli and towards Coil. Feyli moves over to inspect the grate, which goes deep into the ground, so far that not even Morenthal can see the bottom. Around the corner is a fourth stone valve and Feyli holds it open. Morenthal runs back to the rest of the Party, relaying that he hates the grate. He goes to the north door of the room and finds a ladder beyond the door. Now, the Party needs to figure out how to keep the wheels from closing the doors so everyone can climb it. Morenthal inspects the ladder, which is in relatively poor condition, and there is a trapdoor at the top. He takes a stealthy look up. It seems like it leads to the central courtyard of the castle. He climbs back down. At this point, Coil & Gelnek hears that loud drip got close and then suddenly stops. Hobson and Trilby notice a sudden drop in the volume dripping. Morenthal rips off a ladder rung and runs back down to Coil & Gelnek to relay information. Coil suggests using Scrubbins, and Morenthal throws the rung away before talking to Trilby about the plan. Feyli notices that a large black ichor appears from the walls near the grate. She runs back to Morenthal, allowing the door to close, reporting that something is coming from the walls.

Coil and Gelnek both make DEX saves as meaty squelches land next to them. Everyone is able to hear this, as the black ichor pools at their feet, slowly taking shape. A pseudopod begins to form, preparing to attack. Quickly, Coil tries to think of how to keep the doors open. He grabs the ladder rung Morenthal threw away, jamming it into a small hole in the wheel mechanism. This keeps the door open long enough, but the black ichor attacks. *Combat Begins.* Morenthal sprints over and stabs the ooze with his purging dagger, dealing a hefty blow to it. The impact pops the body, causing some acid to splash on Morenthal. A second one comes from the wall near Feyli, Fervor, Hobson, and Trilby. The first ooze hits Morenthal, and its corrosive nature begins to eat away at Morenthal's armor. Trilby manages to wedge his dagger into the wheel mechanism, keeping the doors open. Coil cleaves into the one next to Morenthal, but it splits into two new oozes. They are smaller, but it doesn't seem like slashing is the way to go. Instead, Coil begins to punch it. Feyli creates a wall of fire to capture & cook the ooze in front of her. Morenthal kills the original ooze and steps forward to attack the one that split off. The captured ooze slithers out and begins to attack Hobson, damaging his armor as well. Trilby kills the second ooze that appeared with a loud cast of Shatter. Coil finishes off the final ooze with a big ol' punch, ending the combat. Everyone converges over at the wheel Coil was holding. Some of them notice that the remnants of the oozes begin to slowly approach Coil's feet. He backs off and the remnants settle back down. They go over to the wheel that Trilby's dagger was jammed into and yanks it out. Coil and Feyli head up to jam it into the final door's wheel. As Coil looks into the circular grate, he feels a strange longing feeling of going home as he looks down in it. Coil mentions this feeling to Feyli, who doesn't like the sound of that. Feyli goes over to cast Guiding Bolt down into the grate. It goes down for around 60 ft before disappearing into nothingness. Coil jams the dagger to keep the ladder door open.

Trilby uses the Trilbee on Morenthal to heal him, and everyone heads off to the ladder. Morenthal checks the surface again, seeing a handful of guards along the walls. However, the trapdoor is in heavy foliage, so the Party can get up stealthily. A well-worn path in the center of this courtyard branches off in different directions. The keep looms over the Party, with the smooth bored tunnels pocketing the sides of the keep. From within, a faint red glow can be seen, and it might be from some amount of heat. The main gate can also be seen, but it was heavily guarded last time the outside was seen. A gatehouse nearby likely serves as some kind of barracks for troops. Along the path are two other notable buildings. One is a long stable or barn being guarded by a shambling mound. The other is a church or temple of some kind, and its path is less traveled compared to the others. The Party decides that the church is least likely to be occupied, so everyone sneaks over to it. Hobson notices something magical in a nearby well. He uses mage hand to pluck it out. It appears to be an old coin that pings of Divination magic. He realizes it is a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Coin of Fortune}}$, which can potentially help or hinder someone. It takes a bonus action to activate. The Party enters into the church, which seems to have an aura that fends off the blight of the surrounding swamp. A convenient shaft of light falls onto the statue of a centaur looking into the sky. This is the depiction of $\color{teal}{\textbf{The Evertree}}$, a featureless centaur woman that is often revered by druids and those in remote locations. She is part of the Divine Nine. Looking around, the church seems to be relatively undisturbed by the swamp with the exception of the overgrowth. Some of the plants appear to not be native to the swamp, and they appear to even be relatively rare. Trilby points these flowers out to the Party, and Feyli realizes they can be turned into a pair of *Healing Salves*, each healing for 4d4+4 HP, but takes a minute to apply. As this is a fairly safe place within the castle, the Party chooses to take a Short Rest and recover their resources.

During this short rest, a commotion outside of the church catches the Party's attention. At least twenty sets of footfalls are heard running in the main courtyard. Everyone takes up positions to watch the troops. Three shambling mounds and small plant creatures bring a trio of unfortunate captured humanoids. One is a human and the other two are half-elves. From inside the keep comes a strange figure. A round orb with a central eye and several eye stalk tendrils floats out of the keep. Everyone can see a red band around one such eyestalk, which is almost certainly the Ring of Flame. A half-orc captain reports to this orb, referring to it as a her. She turns to the three captives and one eyestalk sprays light pink mist onto them. Two stand up and bow. The third looks down and doesn't look up. He refuses to join the orb, and he is petrified in stone. The two that submitted are led towards the barn structure in the courthouse. The other guards go back to the main gate, and the orb flies back into the keep. Morenthal takes note of which tunnel the orb used. The Party pretty quickly realizes they do not have a chance to fight her, so they'll have to sneak in. They conclude this must be the Eyedra the Ustenki talked about. As a result, they'll need to sneak in and steal the ring back. Fervor mentions that it might be worth checking on the prisoners to see if any of the hunters are still alive. Based on what happened, the prisoners may not be completely enthralled just yet. They also want to get information about the Eyedra. Morenthal takes a peek outside, and it seems the shambling mound guard along with a pair of humanoid guards went inside to deal with the new prisoners. Morenthal hugs the walls to approach the prison structure stealthily. He looks through the crack in the doors. Iron cages are lined up along the wall, and there's at least one person in one cage. He doesn't hear many footfalls, but he does see the shambling mound inside. Morenthal slinks back to the church to relay information. The Party weighs their options about what to do and how to get inside the barn. 

The best "plan" the Party comes up with is to have Hobson & Trilby use Mage Hand to distract whoever is inside and dealing with problems then. Coil considers burning the barn down, but that would draw a ton of attention. During the discussion, a half-orc and human exit the barn. The half-orc locks the gate with a keyring, and the pair leave and enter a guard house next to the main gate. Fortunately, now there are less people inside, so lockpicking is the best option. Trilby and Morenthal head over, and Morenthal does not see anyone inside the prison. They move towards the front entrance, and a brick falls down, alerting the guards to thee sound, but not the pair. A minute passes before a trio of guards begin to head over to the prison from the guard tower, weapons out. Trilby and Morenthal hide from the guards. The guards knock on the prison doors, summoning the shambling mound back to guard the front entrance before the guards go back to the tower. Trilby and Morenthal go to the back of the building and see that there's a 10 ft section that has collapsed. It looks like the best way in. Morenthal is able to climb in slowly and carefully. He sees a row of cages and there are two people in them. One is the terrified Half-Elf seen earlier, and a second is a Fire Genasi who looks absolutely exhausted. There might be more cages on the other side of a wall that bisects the room. Morenthal enters the room, leaving Trilby outside. The Half-Elf immediately sees Morenthal and begs to get out. Morenthal tells her to be quiet and inspects beyond the wall. The other recent Human capture is found, and a Tiefling woman who was dressed in the garb of the Rift of Fire hunters. Morenthal goes back to the Half-Elf and the two quickly realize she doesn't know anything. He's able to pick the lock on her cage and free her. He frees the Fire Genasi next. The Fire Genasi is badly hurt, probably unable to climb out. Morenthal hands over a healing potion, and he drinks it. It looks like he's lost three fingers due to torture of some kind. Morenthal tells him to wait by the window before going back to the other two prisoners. Morenthal asks how the Human feels, who says that he knows he should be mad at the Eyedra but he can't bring himself to hate him. Morenthal attempts to open the lock, but he breaks his lockpick. He leaves only the one pick left. Morenthal goes over to the Tiefling, who says that after two sessions, she no longer wants to assist in harming the Eyedra. Morenthal gets her out of the cage and everyone convenes near the hole in the wall. She reveals that the Fire Genasi is indeed Pyre, and they've been locked inside for 4 days.

Trilby has been waiting outside this whole time. Morenthal notes the drop, so they'll need to use the rope to get the other four out silently. Alternatively, Trilby can just use Feather Fall, which he does. The six of them head off to the church, since it's the safest place to talk about things. Meanwhile, the rest of the Party were taking shifts watching for Morenthal and Trilby. They see the pair with the four extra prisoners in tow. Gelnek remembers that he could cast Silence to cover their sprint to the church. Trilby tries to sneak back first, but he stumbles across some debris that made a loud noise. He crawls away stealthily and makes it to the church. The shambling mound walks over to the debris before turning towards Trilby. Morenthal panics, so he throws a rock away from Trilby. The mound notices and walks towards the source of the sound. Morenthal tells the prisoners to head over to the church by going around the edge of the courtyard. The two civilians make their way over to the church successfully. Morenthal, Pyre, and Tiefling (now known as $\color{teal}{\textbf{Gleam}}$) prepare to go off to stealth over. Morenthal grabs a piece of debris in case anyone fails. Gleam fails, tripping over some rocks, which cause a decent amount of noise. Gelnek casts Silence on reaction, which kills most of the sound in the area. Morenthal manages to throw the debris to distract the mound once more. Thus, everyone is able to convene in the church. Fervor, Gleam, and Pyre have a quick conversation about what all happened. Everyone agrees that the prisoners and Fervor should wait in the sewers near the entrance. If any of the oozes appear, they will make a run for it and try to avoid the guards outside. Pyre confirms that the band on the Eyedra is the Ring of Flame. He says that while he wore it, the ring spoke to him and gave him powerful magic over fire, including spells and immunity to fire damage. If nothing happens for a while or an enormous commotion happens, then they'll link up with Gnaw and Burple and run away. Unfortunately, this still doesn't give the Party more information about what to do about the Eyedra other than fire will probably be useless. The Party chooses to do a quick check of the servants quarters, which appears to have been turned into a kitchen.

It is now time for the Party to enter the main keep itself. The upper floors have been destroyed. Various holes in the ground seem to be perfectly carved holes, each of which is radiating waves of uncomfortable heat. Three doors appear to be intact: two on the ground floor and one on the second floor. All the doors are locked, but Morenthal chooses to attempt to pick the lock on the left ground floor door. He breaks his last pick, but Trilby has an extra pick on him. The room has collapsed and there is nothing valuable inside. The door on the right is picked open, and it reveals a small office. An old desk and bookshelf are slowly being consumed by the blight. One book on the bookshelf seems to be in much better shape. Trilby pulls the book, and a mechanism clicks as the bookshelf slides aside. A large chamber has much finer stonework, and it appears to be pristine. Inside appears to be a treasure room, with piles of gold, multiple locked chests, an ornate table and rug, and torches. The torches ping on Hobson's detect magic of Evocation. Trilby claps twice, and the four torches within the chamber light up. Morenthal goes inside to investigate, and he finds that on the wall opposite the entrance, there appears to be a second sliding section. Everyone but Trilby heads inside. Feyli notices an indentation of a 15x15 ft pressure plate in the center of the room. She immediately touches it, but just touching it doesn't do anything. Morenthal is paranoid about traps and doesn't want Feyli to step on it. Feyli defiantly steps on it. A metal door slides in front of the bookshelf. Morenthal, who was walking towards the exit, notices that the lock seems to be very fancy. He fails to pick the lock due to how fancy it is. Hobson takes out his lockpicking sword and attacks the door, but it would take considerable effort and time to break through. Feyli tries and fails to use her Ring of the Locksmith to get out. Morenthal is completely frustrated and attempts to pick the lock some more. Feyli goes over to the bookshelves and combs through them. They are all blank and empty. She also drags the rug, moving the table. Morenthal breaks the final lockpick on this door and just sits there in despair. Feyli pushes the table as well, but when she goes to let go, she can't. The surface of the table curls up to reveal itself as an enormous mimic. End of Session.