## Session 20: How to Save a Life

We open with the Flower Crowns approaching the main camp of the Ustenki tribe. It is set up in a clearing within the bog, and despite the nomadic style, it still feels like home. They do not damage the swamp as they travel, and the settlement itself is lively. The Party does not appear to be welcome, as strangers rarely are. A pair of Hobgoblins block the main entrance and question Burple about them. Burple defends them for their courage facing down the Eyedra, saying that Feyli fell in battle. The Hobgoblins look over the Party, and allow them to enter. All but Gelnek, the banished one. At this point, some of the tribe has noticed the Party, as nothing else appears to be helping. An unnaturally loud voice calls out as an old, hunched goblin wearing many hats makes his way over. $\color{teal}{\textbf{Chief Stompie}}$ steps forward to say hello. Gelnek calls out joyfully, and the Chief acknowledges. He says that traditions should be set aside after the deeds of the Party have been celebrated. The entire Party is allowed to enter, and Stompie says that Gelnek may need to leave later. Feyli is brought over to Stompie's hut, as it is a sacred location. Gelnek relays their entire set of adventures to Chief Stompie, including them slaying the Eyedra. Stompie's main hut is filled with exotic fabrics to create the private interior, which smells of incense. Stompie says that the ritual that can revive Feyli may change her body and face, but her memory will be intact. As long as the spirit or soul is able to return, she'll be reincarnated. His spell draws upon the power of E'lythia itself, rather than the divine. As the ritual begins and continues, the Party is allowed to bring sacrifices or offerings to assist the soul in returning. Up to three can be given. He gets himself and Feyli into position and begins the spell. Morenthal feels a hand from a Party member, but as he turns to look, nobody actually touched him. As the spell continues, the light dims to complete darkness, and Stompie's voice freezes and disappears, leaving the five remaining Flower Crowns in the dark with Feyli's body. A small green orb rises above Feyli, revealing a figure of divine beauty, seemingly comforting. However, it smiles menacingly, revealing it to be $\color{tan}{\textbf{Karashala}}$ the Hag. She is surprised the Party is still alive, but she is indeed holding Feyli's soul in a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Soul Orb}}$. She is willing to release the soul, for a price. What does the Party offer?

Coil stands to his full height and asks what she wants. Karashala mentions that a soul for a soul is a fair price, but maybe the Party is creative. After a pause, Coil asks how Karashala got Feyli's soul, and Karashala reminds the Party of the deal that went wrong all the way back in Filgrove. None of this was explained, of course. Gelnek stands up and takes off his armor & weapons, leaving him with nothing clothing, and he offers them up. He gives a speech about giving up any chance with the Ustenki, revoking his life with the Ustenki for his life with the Flower Crowns. Karashala leans in and comments on Gelnek's bravery and asks if they have a deal. Gelnek extends a hand as Coil attempts to stop it, stepping between the orb and Gelnek. Karashala says that there is something that was promised, but not yet given, as the deal concludes. The pink orb shatters, and Feyli's soul is free. A new pearl is formed, but it is orange. Karashala thanks the Party and the blackness goes away. Chief Stompie does not know what happened and asks if everything is okay. Gelnek feels fine, but his gear is still on the ground. He begins to put it back on. Coil and Gelnek discuss what happened, and Gelnek makes a joke about the short lives of Goblins. Gelnek may have acted rashly, but Coil says he acted compassionately. Stompie has been watching with a smile, and the Party sits back down so the ritual may continue. A second verse begins as Stompie continues the ritual. Feyli's body floats gently into the air. Stompie says that he has made contact with the soul, and the Party may now give three offerings to assist in Feyli's soul returning to her body. This can only help the odds against fate. Gelnek elbows Morenthal in an attempt to get him to offer something. Morenthal stutters and gets agitated about the situation, simply saying that he can't. As Gelnek grabs him by the collar, Morenthal thinks he can see another set of hands holding him too. Morenthal decides to offer something. Coil asks for his key from Gelnek, as he too stands to offer words. 

Coil says that because Feyli stole this key, Coil was able to go on these adventures. Originally, Coil believed Feyli only wanted to use him as a weapon. Coil's new feelings have come into existence because of Feyli was stupid and confident enough to steal the key in the first place. Trilby steps up second, offering words of praise for her strength of character. He praises her combat abilities and the way that she always jumped into battle over and over. He may not know exactly what to say now, but he can only figure out if she comes back. He sends the Trilbee in hopes that it works. Finally, Morenthal gets to say his piece. Morenthal speaks to how Feyli has overcome her past, taken down the Black Hand, but continues to forge ahead in the memory of those she's lost. He believes it is too soon for her journey to end here, and she has so much more to live through. It is not fair that the Party would experience more things without her, and Morenthal misses her. He pleads for her to come back. With the offerings given, Stompie begins to conclude the ritual. Feyli's body rises further off the ground, and the twilight sparkles of Feyli's magic gathers around her body. Her body compresses and light consumes her body. In a blindingly bright flash, Feyli returns in a new form. Her horns have lost their floral form, and her tail is gone. In fact, her antlers are just a headpiece. Her clothing is a black dress, and her staff turns into the form of petrified wood. Her mouth is open, revealing a pair of pointed teeth. She awakes with a gasp and a shout of "Coil!" $\color{darkviolet}{\textbf{RACE CHANGE: FEYLI}}$ She doesn't exactly understand what happened after she died, but Trilby immediately runs to give her a hug. Gelnek mentions that she had a brush with the afterlife. Feyli goes over to check her reflection, seeing for herself the changes that have occurred. She doesn't know if what the Party did was worth it, but they assure her that anyone would've done the same. Gelnek turns to thank Chief Stompie for what he did, and Stompie says it is the least he could do for Gelnek given how they treated him. He also was not privy to what happened in the darkness. Once everything is settled down, Stompie hopes to talk to Gelnek one on one. Hobson does a quick arcana check to confirm that Feyli's soul was traded for Gelnek's, so they'll have to get it back somehow. Feyli asks about what needs to be taken back, and so Coil & Gelnek explain the soul trade. Feyli barely understands, but Gelnek says that she's worth the price. The Party vows to fix the situation with the hag eventually. Feyli recalls from her necromancy days, that many who come back from the dead are weakened. However, she doesn't feel that. With those decided, it is time to feast!

The camp prepares for evening, and Chief Stompie confirms that the Party is free to spend the night, but if they don't leave in the morning, the Party will need to resolve Gelnek's situation. During the meal, various goblins come over to curiously look at the Party members. Trilby takes out a Coil-bitten Scrubbins and says that he'll get to work on repairs soon enough. Trilby falls asleep immediately after. Gelnek checks in on Morenthal to ensure he's alright. Even though the spell goes against Morenthal's beliefs, he says that Feyli being alive is worth it. He doesn't want to talk about it further, so Gelnek doesn't press. As Feyli eats, a headache that had built up fades away, a consequence of her race change. Coil hands the key back to her. Eventually, Hobson says that he needs to be restrained overnight. An explanation can be done later. At the very least, Morenthal and Feyli need to be alert to Hobson due to Alt-Valse and Lady Belle's bounty hunting antics. Hobson recalls that the bounties wanted both of them dead. Feyli is excited to actually use her cloak to hide fully, since she can take off her antler headpiece now. Coil ties Hobson up pretty easily. And even if the worst comes to pass, Hobson would be relatively easy to take down for anyone in the Party. As the Party heads off to sleep, Gelnek heads over to talk to Chief Stompie alone. Stompie tends to a fire and pats a rock next to him for Gelnek to sit on. Stompie starts by saying that it is great to see Gelnek again, and how Gelnek has grown. The Ustenki's traditions have pushed Gelnek out, and it is a tragedy. Gelnek thanks Stompie for all of his mentorship and compassion. Stompie clearly wishes that he could let Gelnek back into the tribe, but at least Gelnek has found a new tribe. Gelnek gives Stompie a tight hug and says that there is nothing to be ashamed of. And the Ustenki's tradition of pilgrimage is a grand one to hold onto. To end off the talk, Gelnek is prompted to tell a grandiose story of how life has gone. Gelnek confirms that the Party will leave in the morning. Stompie is proud that Gelnek has found a new tribe within the Flower Crowns. Gelnek heads back to the Party and goes to sleep. Morenthal distances himself from the Party briefly, pulls out his necklace, and questions why Feyli's return is allowed, despite it going against everything. He is desperately looking for guidance in this problem. As he thinks on it, he notices a faint blue worm wriggling in front of him. It wraps itself into a cocoon before splitting into a butterfly and flying away, disappearing into sparkles. The Party gets their Long Rest.

The Party wakes in the late morning and begins to pack up their stuff. Chief Stompie approaches, but waits a distance away, signaling that the Party should be on their way. Burple joins the Party for the trip back to the Rift of Flame. A small crowd gathers to see the Party off. Gelnek leaves the Ustenki for the second time, but this time with a new tribe to call his own. It takes about a day of travel to get back. Sometime along the way, they would've found Gnaw heading back carrying medicines for the blight. The Viridescent Javelin is being cleaned off, and the crew asks if they can go. They got a short version of the story from the people who came back. The Party decides to check in with Flint Emberhorn before leaving the town itself. He gives thanks, but he doesn't really have much else to give. If they ever need to go to the Plane of Fire, they can do that. Otherwise, the Party can begin the airship journey back to Northcliff, and it'll take about a day and a half. It is about the start of winter, so they encounter a light snowstorm. Karva, the dragonborn navigator, appears to be working on a healing salve. Trilby approaches and looks to see what she's working on. She's working on a salve to protect against the cold. Trilby absorbs the techniques, so he could potentially recreate it if needed. From now on, random encounters on the ship may grant permanent bonuses to skills. Meanwhile, Hobson, Feyli, and Gelnek are below deck while Morenthal and Coil are up on deck. Hobson takes a WIS save, and Feyli notices that Hobson went below decks before heading back above deck. Coil and Morenthal see Hobson heading back to the aft of the ship. Hobson starts randomly blasting Eldritch Blasts into the sky. Morenthal confronts Hobson, and Hobson claims that he saw something. He starts to run back below decks to his bunk. Coil follows, and Feyli sees. Hobson gets a quick vision of the inn in Whitecrest with Vin sleeping in the bed. Hobson is able to go find the bounties being collected. He tries to find Feyli and Morenthal's bounties to destroy them. He's able to find a fireplace downstairs in the inn's tavern, so he can dispose of them. He then returns to Lady Belle's room, and as he goes to fall asleep, he wakes back up on the airship. Coil confronts Hobson, and they trade information about what Lady Belle did as Hobson and what Hobson did as Lady Belle. Hobson continues to feel incompetent compared to what Lady Belle has been doing. Coil points out that rapid firing Eldritch Blasts into the sky is not discrete. Hobson laments that he doesn't know how to control it, but he'll probably tell Adokus when the Party gets the chance. The remaining half-day of travel is uneventful, but the snowstorm slightly intensifies. By early afternoon, they land in Northcliff once again. 

The Party head directly to $\color{tan}{\textbf{The Spire}}$ and are greeted by Kasma there, who is surprised that they returned quickly. Morenthal plops the Ring of Flame on the Eyedra's stalk onto a table. Kasma calls some attendents who gingerly take the ring away in a locked box. Payment will arrive at the Shattered Shield shortly. The $\color{tan}{\textbf{Council}}$ is not ready for another briefing, but Kasma mentions that the Artifact near the Shard Coast has an update. Bodies continue to wash in, so it is believed that the Artifact is held off shore in the $\color{brown}{\textbf{Emerald Sea}}$. Hobson brings up the problem with the gauntlet and Lady Belle to Kasma. She decides that the only major security risk is just the transport back to Northcliff. Furthermore, since the Party has no idea where the Council actually holds the Artifacts at this point, she doesn't think it's a major issue. She suggests the rest of the Party just keeps an eye of Hobson. Everyone heads off to the Shattered Shield, but Hobson & Morenthal get their armor repaired from the slimes. The Chameleonaire is still in Northcliff, next to the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Forge and Forestry}}$. As the Party enters the inn to refresh themselves, Arjun waves over Coil to give a fancy letter to him. It bears Coil's name in quotations. Once everyone is situated, Coil opens the letter. It appears to be from Coil's original master, before Feyli stole his key and ran off with him. The master's collegues discovered that a $\color{tan}{\textbf{Vodeian}}$ model construct travelling with the Party and on the Airship. From there, they deduced that the Party is helping to recover the Artifacts. The master claims to have a lead on one such Artifact. He also wants to make it official that Coil and Feyli can continue adventuring with their blessing. The letter is signed $\color{teal}{\textbf{Preston FitzClarence}}$. Included is Feyli's wanted poster, which Preston claims he can clear up. The party is understandably skeptical of Preston's letter. Coil believes they could be just as easily lying as telling the truth. He also knows that Preston lives in Brightcoin in Eastern Orlon. However, since they have a lot of resources and intelligence, they could help. Coil believes that the Party will need to talk to them eventually. Trilby thinks that meeting earlier is better, and if needed, the Party could win in a fight. The Party is fairly sure that the Feyli portion is a trap, but they aren't sure if the rest of it is.

At this point, Morenthal unloads the Eyedra's treasure: 3223 gp, 398 pp, 1300 gp in gemstones and treasure, a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Wand of Magic Missiles}}$, a pair of $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Boots of Flight}}$, a pair of $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Gloves of Missile Snaring}}$, and the Ioun Stone of Reserve. The Party figures out what each magic item is and what they do. The Ioun Stone can hold up to 3 Levels of energy, and anyone can use it. The Gloves can reduce an incoming ranged weapon attack's damage by 1d10+DEX, catching it if it is reduced to 0 damage. The Boots grant a flying speed equal to walking speed, and they can be used for a total of 4 hours. It recharges 2 hours of flight per 12 hours of not being used. The Wand has 7 charges to cast Magic Missile, and it recharges daily. Morenthal takes the Gloves and Feyli takes the Boots. The Party debates on what to do with the Ioun Stone, whether to give it to a magic user for extra spells or to a nonmagic user so they can cast things too. But they don't come to a decision. They then split up the treasure evenly across the Party: 753 gp to each member, and Feyli gets 758 gp; and 66 pp to each member, and Feyli gets 68 pp. It is evening at this point, and as the crowds shuffle in, the Party notices that a different table of patrons stands apart from the crowd. One Human male eventually walks over to the Party's table. He's wearing a black leather jacket with a flaming skull on the back, full of swagger. He comments that the Party is drawing attention to themselves using all the treasure. He then walks back to his own table, and the Party can see a patch for the Crystal United Mercenaries on his jacket. Their symbol is a crystal with a pair of skulls next to it. At the table are a total of 6 figures, and Hobson recognizes the Tabaxi woman Ida. Sitting next to her is a small frog-like person with yellow-red skin. They have a bone staff taller than them, ending in a pointing finger. There is a cobalt Dragonborn male missing a tail staring straight at the Party. Another is a masked Elf male, who pulls off his mask to reveal that he is utterly exhausted and disgusted by the Party. Finally, there is a black-furred Bugbear female with a flint-lock pistol. During the night, they keep throwing looks over at the Party, but they otherwise don't do anything. Trilby intuits that they're trying to start something, but want the Party to start it. They eventually leave without starting anything.

Gelnek goes up to Trilby as he his good at naming his inventions, so Gelnek would like a new name sometimes. Trilby considers using portions of "Double Leader" to make a name like "Dul" or "Duler." But they'll keep working on it over time. Hobson and Morenthal try to figure out what Lady Belle was doing when possessing Hobson. Shooting spells doesn't make sense. Hobson asks why Morenthal has a bounty, but says that he probably angered someone. He also doesn't know how to get rid of it other than cashing it in. Morenthal questions what to do with Hobson at night, and Hobson has no idea. Until further communication can occur and ground rules laid, Lady Belle will remain unpredictable. With no other good ideas, Morenthal decides that binding, gagging, and blindfolding Hobson might work. Hobson reminds Morenthal that Lady Belle and Vindilay are out in Whitecrest, far away. Morenthal waves over Coil for the rope, so Hobson gets ready for bed. No gag and blindfold this time, and Coil decides to keep watch over Hobson during the night. The rest of the Party go to sleep, which is uneventful. The weather outside is flurries and cold. Trilby also decides to pull from his Bag of Many Things. He pulls out $\color{lightgreen}{\textbf{Two D10s}}$, which work as expected. He also writes back to his family using his $\color{tan}{\textbf{Sending Sheets}}$, and he attempts to put 60 platinum with it. Morenthal and Trilby go off to buy more Thieves Tools for 25 gp each. Morenthal actually buys 10 sets. Hobson and Morenthal head off to pick up their armor. Hobson passes a WIS save, but nothing else happens. Hobson finds an automatic binding system, which takes a minute to fully bind someone. He buys it for 10 gp, and plans on giving the release orb to Coil. With the definitive shopping done, it is once again time to go to the Chameleonaire, who claims to have new items. He has all the previous magic items for sale, but he starts by pulling out the new ones. First is a $\color{gray}{\textit{Fist of the Gorilla}}$, which allows a once per day ground slam for 500 gp. Next is a $\color{gray}{\textit{Cloak of Gentile Wind}}$, which prevents opportunity attacks, but gives vulnerability to physical damages for 1000 gp. Next are the $\color{gray}{\textit{Bangles of Retrieval}}$, which teleports one willing wearer to the other wearer when one of them activates the bangle. They cost 3000 gp. Finally, he has the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Little Guy Whistle}}$. It includes a 2-inch tall creature that can lift 500 lbs but moves extremely slow. He also can fit in 1-inch gaps and regenerates upon being killed. He costs 1000 gp. Morenthal buys the Little Guy Whistle and the Little Guy immediately jumps into Morenthal's arms. 

Soon enough, the Gacha Rings come to take what they're owed with Gelnek, Hobson, and Trilby all wanting to take a spin. Gelnek first recieves the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Bubble Ring}}$, which generates bubbles on command as a Bonus Action. Feyli goes second and recieves the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of the Walking Dead}}$, which makes Undead of a certain CR range unable to detect the wearer. Another pull gets Feyli the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Flat Feet}}$, where heavy sand or snow do not affect the wearer's movement. One more pull gives Feyli the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Explode}}$, which can be broken. After 1d4 rounds, it will explode in the Fireball spell. It is finally Trilby's turn, and he chooses to go for 2. The first is the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Dryness}}$, which keeps the wearer dry during rain. The second is the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Stealing}}$, which breaks on use. The wearer can exchange an item with any other item within 100 ft within sight. Hobson is up next, and he gets a $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Coffee}}$, which turns normal water into hot coffee over the course of a minute. Coil recieves the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{One Ring}}$. While at 1 HP, all attacks deal maximum damage. Morenthal decides to join in on the fun, and he rolls up the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Applause}}$. While the wearer claps, it sounds like a group is clapping together, but it doesn't increase volume. His second roll results in a pair of rings: the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring Ring}}$, which allow the wearers to communicate telepathially up to 500 ft away. The Chameleonaire comments that the Party hasn't even gotten that many good rings yet. This prompts Trilby to pull once again. He gets the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of the Cat's Gift}}$, which gives a +2 to DEX saves. Morenthal also goes for it. He gets the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of the Peephole}}$. If placed on a wall less than 3 ft thick, he can see through the wall through the ring. Finally, the Party decide to walk away from Ring Gacha.

Trilby heads over to Bifar's house and takes a pair of WIS saves on the walk over. The two exchange pleasantries, and Trilby gets invited over for dinner. He then starts to interrogate Trilby about the recent adventure. Trilby gifts him the two D10s. Trilby skims over Feyli's death before immediately heading out after dinner. End of Session. 