## Session 22: Clearing the Side Quest Journal

We open at a cafe in Northcliff's Entertainment District as the Party recovers from fighting the pixies and trees, and they discuss which side quest to pursue next. Since they started the day planning on killing the death robot before the death robot can kill other people, the Party heads off to Blezulbee Farms. The Old District here has notably older architecture compared to the rest of Northcliff. Perhaps it was built back when Northcliff was originally back on the ground. As they approach, the Party meet Macadoo Blezulbee, a Halfling working the land. The farms are fairly bland, growing corn and grain, and raising mundane livestock. Trilby asks about the murder robot, and Macadoo starts from the beginning. Roughly a year ago, several farmers decided that they could get a robot to help with the harvests. They hired some engineers from the main city and built an ambitious all-purpose robot. When the engineers came with the main $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Arcane Core}}$, the farmers were not careful installing it. The robot went berserk, killing some livestock and their friend $\color{gray}{\textit{Clive Walnut}}$. The farmers managed to lure it into the barn, where it has been sitting ever since. The robot only becomes aggressive when it sees a living being. Macadoo tells the Party that they can't really pay super well. They managed to scrape together 300 gp, and they offer the Arcane Core, as well as Clive's place in an upcoming tournament. Said tourney is in about 2 weeks, and someone needs to fill that spot, since it was already paid for. Gelnek is very excited for the tourney spot, and Trilby is interested in the core. Coil asks if Trilby could install the core correctly to make the robot work correctly. Trilby isn't sure, but Macadoo pipes up to confirm that the farmers don't want the robot anymore. The bot is getting scrapped for parts. The core is at the top of the robot inside of a diving helmet-like structure to keep it safe. The robot itself is taller than Coil. Macadoo also mentions that the core is about the size of a melon, so it's a decent size. Trilby thinks it would be difficult to break the core, so the Party will need to remove it somehow. Hobson asks how the robot could see people, and while it doesn't have eyes, the engineers said it had the sentience required to do the jobs asked of it. Said jobs include most farming jobs and it has a few buzz saws for cutting trees.

Trilby wonders if sending a hay bale inside could trick it into attacking the hay bale first, and Macadoo mentions that there's a second floor that they could test that theory. He leads the Party off to the barn, which has some cleaved earth and scrapes on the doors. Trilby tries to peek inside the barn through the wooden slats, but it's too dark. Feyli is able to find a hole in the wood, and can see it pretty clearly. It is a monstrous amalgamation of metal, over 11 ft tall. Its notable weapons are a scythe, a hoe, and a buzz saw, and she sees the core at the top. Trilby opts to try the hay bale trick, and Macadoo brings out a ladder. Gelnek climbs the ladder and chucks a bale in. The robot immediately zeros in on the hay bale and slices it to bits. Macadoo offers to open a side door for people, or to climb in the window Gelnek is at. He won't open the main doors in case the robot gets out. Trilby gets on top of the ladder to get line of sight with the robot. He uses his Ring of Stealing to just take the orb. Inside, a clattering of metal is heard, and Trilby is left holding a cantaloupe sized Arcane Core, now glowing blue. Gelnek looks inside the window from the ladder, and the robot is slumped on the ground. Macadoo asks if the robot is now safe to handle, and the Party thinks it is safe. Hobson says that they could drop more hay bales to confirm that it is safe. Macadoo is fine with that outcome, and he offers the Party the rewards from earlier. Macadoo and Trilby negotiate 100 gp for the Party to take both the Arcane Core and the ticket to the tournament. The tourney will be in the $\color{coral}{\textbf{Obliteration Amphitheatre}}$ in the Entertainment District, so if the Party wants to change the name, they can. Though, Gelnek considers adopting the stage name "Clive the Crusher." Macadoo gives his thanks for the Party's help. Trilby mentions that he can't use the ring again, so the farmers better not make a new death robot. That was their lunch appointment, so now the Party has to decide what to do next. Trilby thinks he should sell the orb, since he wouldn't make anything that would use it. He's also down one ring, and the Chameleonaire is still around. 

The Party heads off to the Shopping District. As they approach, the Chameleonaire's store has tape across it, and the he is standing back from the store, hands on hips. Trilby asks what happened, and the Chameleonaire replies that he is in trouble with the Crown's Guard. He gave out some candy with random effects to children, but one of them was Fireball. Trilby asks about the gacha rings, which the Chameleonaire is "reluctant" to sell. He checks for any guards before holding his hand out for payment. Trilby forks over 200 gp. Somehow, the Chameleonaire produces a ring: the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of the Handshake}}$, granting advantage on CHA checks and saves while shaking someone's hand. Hobson takes the next ring, receiving the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of the Tipsy}}$, granting disadvantage on CON saves against becoming drunk. Feyli reluctantly and degectedly rolls next. She gets the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Silence}}$, granting advantage on stealth, but she cannot hear or speak. She slides another 200 gp, this time receiving the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Misty Throw}}$. It can be thrown up to 20 ft away, shattering on use, but the user teleports that distance. As the Party leaves, Feyli goes back to negotiate lowering the price. The Chameleonaire resists, but Feyli tries to use the leverage of selling things when he wasn't supposed to. The Chameleonaire decides to let Feyli roll once for free. She rolled the $\color{forestgreen}{\textbf{Ring of Holding}}$, which can hold 500 cubic feet, but it must fit through the ring. She leaves, content with the ring she got. Trilby wonders where to sell off the Arcane Core, and Coil mentions heading off to $\color{tan}{\textbf{Moeb's Pawn Shop}}$ to find Estevan and Cog. $\color{tan}{\textbf{Moeb}}$ is doing some kind of welding, creating a ton of sparks. Estevan welcomes the two of them, and Coil says he has time to see what Estevan wanted to show him. Estevan pulls out a journal of research notes from his recent visit to the $\color{brown}{\textbf{Ruins of Reila}}$. He recalls the adventure, mentioning a large door he and his team encountered. He thinks it was a Vodeian vault. A friend of his has been trying to open it but has had no luck. However, he did make a really nice sketch of the vault, including a close up of the keyhole. The keyhole looks like the same design as the obsidian Key that opens Coil's jaw. As a result, if Coil is ever in the area, he could contact Estevan to do an expedition and see if the key opens the vault. Coil asks where the ruins are, and Estevan knows about the ones in $\color{tan}{\textbf{Cera}}$, the Shard Coast, and $\color{tan}{\textbf{Maple}}$. Estevan also offers to do a deep examination of Coil's chassis to see what got inside of him. It'll take about 30 minutes. He shoves everything off of a table and tells Coil to lay down on the table for the examination. Trilby goes over to the open/closed sign and flips it to closed. Moeb has not noticed the Party at all.

Estevan asks if Coil has ever been opened up, and Coil says it was a long time ago. Feyli is watching worriedly. Estevan manages to open Coil's breastplate, which then unfolds to allow him to look inside. Coil is aware of all of this, but he just feels like he's in maintenance mode. Estevan notices that there isn't an arcane core to Coil, which is really odd. He also points to Coil's skeletal structure, which has large vacancies, as if something else could go inside of it. Estevan asks if he can look further, and Coil accepts. Estevan takes off Coil's face plate and traces along the back of Coil's body. He pulls his hand out to show the black residue that is all over Coil's interior. Coil confirms that said residue is probably what got inside of him. Furthermore, the last time Coil used the obsidian Key, the black stuff expanded violently. Estevan notes how the expedition in Reila found reservoirs of similar black ichor. He took a sample, so he can compare the two substances. He pulls out two vials and offers to see if the substance inside Coil is the same as the stuff in the vials. It would potentially take months for results, unfortunately. Coil notices a slight pull, maybe curiosity, towards the samples. Other than the residue, Estevan concludes that nothing has negatively affected Coil. He also offers to clean Coil thoroughly. While Coil thinks, Estevan points to Trilby and asks what the heck he's carrying. An Arcane Core of that size is quite valuable; Estevan may not have the money to buy it. Estevan then offers to install the core into Coil. The Party is hesitant given Coil functions normally without a core. They discuss timetables, but Estevan will be around the city for months. He also wants the Party to understand that the Core is worth thousands of gold. He can keep it safe in the pawn shop if the Party wants to use it later. Trilby uses his Ring of Handshaking to unnecessarily convince Estevan to hold onto it for later. Gelnek does an insight check to confirm Estevan will keep his word, and he wouldn't give up the opportunity to work on Coil. Or with, if the Party is ever headed in the direction of a set of ruins. Estevan is going to use one sample to send for analysis, but he gives the other to Coil. Coil also accepts Estevan's offer to clean Coil's interior.

As Estevan is finishing, Coil takes a WIS save, suddenly feeling sadness and loneliness. Some property that was inside of him has been reduced to zero. Coil then asks Estevan to stop before the cleaning is done. Estevan reasons that enough was cleaned out, so all is good. He begins to close Coil back up, and Coil sits back up. Estevan puts the arcane orb in a sealed basement. Estevan thanks Coil for allowing the work to be done. Coil thanks him back for the sample and for cleaning. Moeb finally takes notice of the Party just as they were leaving, but he goes back to work. With that point completed, the Party resolves to check out the Amphitheatre and see what kind of tourney Gelnek will be getting into. They manage to find it, which appears to be a modern cinema building with posters for the tourney on Wednesdae in two weeks. A Half-Orc is manning the ticketing window cleaning up the booth. Gelnek says that he is here to replace Clive in the tourney and presents the ticket. The Half-Orc takes the ticket and makes a note that Gelnek will take it. The tourney itself is a 64-entry bracket, winner-take-all. He then asks for a stage name that Gelnek will use. Gelnek huddles with the Flower Crowns to decide on a stage name. He considers using some kind of newspaper headline. A nearby newspaper says that a mansion has appeared outside $\color{tan}{\textbf{Silverfell}}$ near $\color{brown}{\textbf{Wellmore Keep}}$. The mansion has been missing for 100 years. Hobson offers that the name could have something involving Gelnek's drums. Trilby says he could be "Little Drummer Boy," and Hobson further proposes "Drum Solo." Gelnek things further before decides on "Drum of the Flower Crowns." The Half-Orc writes the name down and tells him to show up early the night of the fight. Spectators can get tickets for 5 gp each, but they should arrive early since they can sell out. The Half-Orc hands back the fighter ticket so Gelnek can present it later. At this point, it is late afternoon, but Trilby wants to ask about Uncle Pancreas. He finds a nearby $\color{tan}{\textbf{Crown's Guard}}$ pair to approach. He asks about Pancreas Hornsfarrow, which receives some eyebrows. They say that Pancreas should be at the $\color{coral}{\textbf{Suggestive Squeeze}}$ nearby in the Entertainment District. One wishes him luck and the other chuckles. The Party follows, Trilby hoping it is a fancy name for the barracks.

It wasn't. The Party walks down a seedier part of the Entertainment District before finding the location. It has cursive script for a sign and saloon doors. Uncle Pancreas is stationed outside. He is slightly less well kept than one might expect of a Crown's Guard. He is also smoking a pipe. Trilby sprints up to Pancreas and exposition dumps onto him. Pancreas has just enough time to dump the pipe's contents before said dump. Pancreas was very clearly not expecting Trilby showing up, especially outside the shop. Pancreas invites the Party to dinner and glizzies at a nearby stall. Hobson makes sure he knows what a glizzy is first (it's a hotdog), which he does. Trilby orders one with the works, and the poor worker looks utterly defeated as he puts roughly 40 ingredients on it. It costs 4 gp, and Trilby pays 5. It takes 10 minutes to make Trilby's alone. As they eat, Pancreas mentions how he never expected Trilby to ever leave Filgrove. He can also finally process what Trilby was saying about working with $\color{tan}{\textbf{Adokas}}$. He asks if the Party has heard about the demon tower that appeared near $\color{tan}{\textbf{Varu'Il}}$. The Crown's Guard called it the Heart of the Keep, and a bunch of monsters have been pouring out of it. Northcliff itself has been pretty quiet. He also mentions the mansion out in Silverfell that suddenly appeared. Pancreas mentions that he needs to get to his shift soon and asks where the Party stays. Trilby says that they are staying at the Shattered Shield Inn. He also tells Pancreas to take better care of his armor. Now that Pancreas knows where the Party is, he can swing by the Inn at any point in time. Eventually, Pancreas needs to get back to his shift, and he gives Trilby a hug and ruffles his hair before walking off towards his shift. The Party heads off to the inn for the night. Trilby and Feyli decide to go tell Arjun about the wanted poster for the Golden Dragonborn $\color{teal}{\textbf{Finch}}$. The three of them go downstairs to do a quick sweep of the basement, but they don't find anything. Arjun is happy that nobody is hiding downstairs. Trilby hands over a wanted poster, and Arjun notices that there is the symbol of the Westmont magic academy in the corner. He'll post it with his other wanted posters. They head back up, and Arjun locks the door. Everyone heads off to sleep at their own pace.

Morning arrives bright, sunny, and cold, with nothing eventful overnight. After he gets up, Gelnek hears a voice in his head. $\color{tan}{\textbf{Sionia}}$ is requesting the presence of the Flower Crowns at the Council's building. Gelnek acknowledges, since he thinks it could be the Sending spell. Hobson is reading the newspaper about the mansion. He finds out that it used to be a large estate built in Wellmore Keep near Silverfell. It was originally a stronghold town like Filgrove. The mansion was previously gone for 100 years but it suddenly reappeared. Exploration of the mansion is discouraged. Hobson also reads that $\color{tan}{\textbf{Duskern}}$ is having an outbreak of Ashen Rot, the same disease found in $\color{tan}{\textbf{Lafford}}$. Other news is about the Heart of the Keep in Varu'Il. The city is safe, but no progress on entering the tower has been made. With nothing else to read, the Party heads off to the Council building to get briefed on the new developments. Sionia is waiting expectantly next to an ornately dressed Blue Dragonborn woman. She has long quills that serve as hair, a purple dress with copper accents and jewelery. She carries a long copper staff ending in branches. She appears to be fairly young and also short. She is going to report her findings about one of the artifacts. Sionia says that this is $\color{tan}{\textbf{Biri Noryox}}$, the previous Champion of Virtue. The Flower Crowns have been invited to the Council meeting. Several people of note have shown up, including $\color{tan}{\textbf{Horace}}$ and Kasma, though the Council themselves have yet to sit in the chairs. Horace offers to give introductions of the Council members. First is Adokus. Next is a male Golden Dragonborn dressed in a white regal robe, but he is well built. Horace calls him $\color{teal}{\textbf{Ternos Beldhall}}$, an important noble from $\color{tan}{\textbf{Dragonhold}}$. Next is Sionia Quidithas, a noble from $\color{brown}{\textbf{Fywood}}$ who is currently unaligned with the Empire. Next is a female Tiefling with dark red skin and graying hair, wearing practical but noble-esqe clothing. She is $\color{teal}{\textbf{Delilah Wintersbane}}$, a representative of merchants, artisans, and $\color{tan}{\textbf{Blackfane}}$. Next is $\color{teal}{\textbf{Eileen Roseark}}$, who should need no introduction according to Horace. She is a female Human and seems young compared to the council, and she's slightly more relaxed than everyone else. The Party recognizes that Roseark is the surname of the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Emperor}}$, so Eileen is the Emperor's daughter. Next is a white-fured Leonin with a black eyepatch walks in. Horace says that is $\color{teal}{\textbf{Brenon Hazelheart}}$ from the $\color{tan}{\textbf{Endavi}}$ tribe of $\color{tan}{\textbf{Ty'vanera}}$. Finally is $\color{teal}{\textbf{Micha Ivory}}$, a Dwarven woman wearing battle attire and seems constantly ready for battle. She is the most business-like of everyone. Those in attendence are the 7 Council members, the Flower Crowns, Kasma, and Horace. Biri walks up to a central dias and begins to present her findings.

She casts an illusion spell to visually show what she is describing. She talks about the Isle of $\color{tan}{\textbf{Shariza}}$, delving into the history of the Planar Mirror, including its archmage creator $\color{teal}{\textbf{Nadsenoj Miesuac}}$. The lich $\color{tan}{\textbf{Xerafax}}$ would come to possess the Mirror afterwards. The Mirror exists in every Plane in some form, and it allows for free travel between the Planes. So the question is why she is back and why she looks 50 years younger. The Isle's defenses have grown stronger, as different versions of the lair overlap. An earthen golem required a sacrifice of one's abilities to enter. Biri was not prepared for the mesh of planar realities. She would have died permanently without preparing a second body in Silverfell. She was thus able to survive the journey with knowledge intact. When the Flower Crowns are ready to take on the Isle at last, they should speak to Biri. She advises gathering as many allies as possible before venturing inside. She can also offer any knowledge she has to the Party. Gelnek thinks that this Isle seems world-endingly bad, so he wants to know how urgent it is. Biri says that it should be important, but other Planes do have access to it. Nevertheless, a journey should be attempted within a year's time. Anything that could attempt the Isle alone would be impossible to stop, with or without the Mirror. Sionia stands on the dias and gives a current update to all the current artifacts: The Planar Mirror and the Heart of the Keep have well known locations. The Throne of Want might be in the Shard Coast due to an uptick of drownings. The Gauntlet of the Eye and Wand of Chaos have known origins, but they cannot be traversed. Kasma's drones cannot find the entrance to $\color{brown}{\textbf{Shara's Tomb}}$ nor traverse the cursed lands of $\color{tan}{\textbf{Wildwin}}$. The Amber Dragon Eye and the Shaper of Minds have zero leads. While the recovery efforts are critical, she cautions the Party against throwing themselves into deadly situations. Sionia doesn't really know where the Party would best be needed right now, so they should focus on their own developments and separate leads. When the time comes, the Council will call upon the Party. Sionia also confirms that the Viridescent Javelin is at the Party's disposal, since the Council doesn't have any other crises to deal with right now. With no further questions from the Party, the meeting is adjourned. Gelnek looks forward to the challenge, after spending an enormous amount of prep time of course. The other Party members agree that finding additional allies would be needed before attempting the Isle. They begin to discuss which other leads they have to do since. Coil brings up the letter and Gelnek's soul being held by Karashala. They also remember the rust monsters inside of the mines below Northcliff.

As the Party leaves the Council meetings, Feyli notices $\color{tan}{\textbf{Josh}}$ from the Crystal United Mercenaries in an alleyway. He watches the Party before leaving through the alley. She talks to Coil about it, and as they discuss, a poor cabbage cart's wheel breaks, causing a loud crashing noise. Trilby helps the cabbage cart's owner clean up the mess. Coil relays that Feyli saw Josh to the rest of the Party, and they don't think much of it, but they'll have to keep an eye on them. Back to their current choices, Coil hates both of the options, and he also hasn't decided on the Arcane Core. Morenthal points out that Coil doesn't look so well after the black stuff got removed. Coil relents and lets the rest of the Party decide. They finally decide to tackle the rust monsters in the mines near Northcliff. The Party heads off to the docks in the southwestern part of the town. There, several large platforms serve as lifts from the surface of the crater to the dock. The Party rides one down to the ground and heads off to find $\color{tan}{\textbf{Cole}}$, a dark skinned Tiefling. He confirms they are helping with the mine, which has been closed for about a month. Once the Party clears out the mine, Cole will give the payment. He doesn't think any other monsters have entered other than the rust monsters. Coil asks how well the rust spreads, but Cole just says it's a nickname. They can just eat through metal quickly, which is bad news for Coil. With that, the Party heads on inside to the mine. Various lanterns on the walls and ceiling have had metal chunks eaten out of it. Any tools that existed were also gnawed upon. Any veins of ore have also been stripped clean. About 100 ft deeper in the mine, they finally begin to hear the chittering of the rust monsters. Slowly and stealthily walking forward, they see the first rust monster. It looks like a large roach or flea the size of a medium dog, and it is gnawing on a shovel. Morenthal calmly pulls out his bow and skewers its head to the wall behind it.

*Combat Begins* Hobson walks up to be with the rest of the group and holds an Eldritch Blast for when he sees a target. He doesn't have to wait long as an additional six show up to face the Party first, so he fires. Coil, finally facing an enemy he doesn't want to attack in melee range, pulls out his crossbow to fire some shots at them. Gelnek runs up to four of them and casts a Thunderwave at 3rd level, killing one of them. Morenthal steps up and kills another one. Feyli decides to outright incinerate a bunch of the rust monsters with Wall of Fire, blocking most of this passage. Most is not all, so Hobson manages to hit two more monsters on the other side. The rust monsters are also able to bypass the wall by crawling through depleted ore veins. Several flank behind Coil, who had been hanging back from the main pack. Coil wants nothing to do with that and moves over to the rest of the group, shooting behind him as he does. Gelnek runs to cover the rearguard, casting Shatter on the group that was flanking. Morenthal nearly kills another while Feyli casts Moonbeam on the flanking group, killing another. Scrubbins burns a bug to death while Trilby annihilates the one next to Hobson. He then runs over to kill another flanking bug. A bug attempts to rust Hobson's armor and a different one tries to rust Scrubbins. Both fail and are promptly slaughtered by the rest of the Party, ending the combat. The Party do a quick check of the cave, noticing that most of the mine has been stripped. They report back to Cole. They also recall that $\color{tan}{\textbf{Riona}}$ offered either the 250 gp reward or 400 gp credit at the shop. They decide to take the discount, which Cole will tell Riona about. With nothing else to do around the crater, the Party heads back up to Northcliff. End of Session. 