## Session 7: All Hallow's Eve Festival.

*Minor content warning: Sexual themes.*

We open exactly where we left off, with Yuul Greaterfist making eye contact with Morenthal. Yuul moves into an alley soon after. All Hallow's Eve celebration preparations are well underway, but nothing seems to be completely open yet. Gelneks asks about what Hallow's Eve means, and the random person he asks says how it's just a tradition at this point. Historically, it used to signal the end of the Harvest. Gelnek proposes the Party dress up in costumes for the festival, and Morenthal and Feyli agree immediately. Hobson decides to go Peanuts white sheet ghost. Gelnek goes for a slapped together frog costume. Feyli tries to hide her horns by using a deer costume. Coil simply puts a jack-o-lantern over his head. As the Party is buying costumes, someone comes over asks if they will attend to Illustrious Delight show. The show itself seems to be acrobatic, strength tests, and other circus acts. Trilby doesn't need to buy anything, since he has an annual costume he uses every year. Morenthal finds some clothing that is very not-Morenthal in an attempt to hide in his costume.

Morenthal rushes the Party over to Trilby's house so that Trilby can put on his costume. Graster of the Green Ravens pulls Coil aside and asks for a quick word and heads off to the Brass Squid. Coil tells the Party and follows Graster, and the two of them sit in a booth. Graster asks for a favor, no questions asked. He had a fight with the Spears, and someone fled. He offers 100 gp if Coil gets a lead on the kid, 500 gp if the kid is brought in. The Spears are not happy with the person who fled, and since Coil is relatively new, he may have better luck asking. <span style="color:teal">**Trayton Farkle**</span> is the Spears' person that fled: Scrawny human, blond hair, used to wear Spears gear. The Spears can probably be found in the Undercroft or preeching in the Town Square. Meanwhile, the Party continues onward to Trilby's house. Trilby announces he's back and Melinda is introduced to the Party. The Party is welcomed in while Trilby & Melinda heads off to get thee costume ready.

Dora comes over and introduces herself to the Party. Dora comments on how Trilby got yelled at during dinner. Derby is also introduced by Dora, since Derby is shy. Coil arrives during the introduction. Trilby's costume is of a Diplacer Beast. It's just black clothing with a tiny bit of makeup for whiskers and a nose, and a small amount of fabric makes the tail. Gelnek asks Melinda about how Trilby became so strong, and Melinda mentions how smart he is despite not being athletic at all. He asks if anyone would be banished from the tribe (family) if a test was failed, to which Melinda says that she would never banish any of the family. Gelnek takes a moment to absorb that revelation. The Party leaves soon after. Coil informs the Party about what Graster said about the Spears. Gelnek proposes multitasking during the festival and keeping an eye out for the member. Trilby knows of the Burning Spears as a bunch of hoodlums who are known for spreading the word of <span style="color:tan">**The Fire Lord**</span>.

Feyli pulls Morenthal aside and asks why Morenthal is so completely on edge. She also criticizes how dumb Morenthal's disguise is, especially since other people could've seen him put it on. Morenthal is speechless and cannot compute anything, so the two go back to the Party. The Party heads over to the Undercroft except Morenthal goes off alone to the costume shop to get a new costume. It takes longer than expected to pay when Morenthal is suddently attacked. A sharp pain in his back is felt as a white hand clasps over Morenthal's mouth. Yuul mentions how Morenthal is a deserter and that Molloke didn't even know. Yuul says that Morenthal may not even be the effort Daemon says he is. Yuul throws Morenthal to the ground and starts cleaning the blade. Yuul says that whoever wants to see Morenthal is at the Shard Coast, and that he's got a week before the bounty on Morenthal's head is dead only. As a gesture of "good will", Yuul takes Morenthal's coinpurse. He then heads off to where the Party is with only a few looks from onlookers.

The Party waited near the entrance to the Undercroft as Morenthal comes over. Trilby and Gelnek were discussing activities during the festival. Coil notices the gaping wound and trail of blood on Morenthal's back. Morenthal tries to convice the Party he's fine, but the Party gives him plenty of healing. Gelnek wants revenge, but Morenthal cautions against it, saying that it is the Bloodletters. Gelnek tells Morenthal to let the Party help him. Hobson asks why Morenthal is still alive then, but Morenthal shrugs him off and only calls it a warning. If things go from bad to worse, Morenthal is just going to run again. Trilby tells Morenthal that the festival is mroe important that Morenthal getting stabbed. Anyway, onwards to the Undercroft! Trilby is convinced that his Displacer Beast costume is very scary and runs on ahead. The Party follows closely behind. The Burning Spears's hideout is along the same path as the Vault, so the Party heads over there.

Along the way, Feyli's body is forced into Karshala's shop, and the Party follows. Feyli feels worse and worse as she approaches and she opens the door. Karshala is smiling at her desk, to which Felyi immediately "Nopes" out of by closing the door. The Party goes up to Karshala's shop as Feyli moves to the back of the Party. As Morenthal opens the door, it appears abandoned longer than they've been gone. Feyli sees the same thing, and she is confused. Feyli has no idea where Karshala went, and so Feyli pulls out the deck of cards and pulls one. A 15 on the die reveals "*The Tower*" card. Feyli sinks into the ground ever so slightly, but it does not bring back Karshala. Trilby heads off to behind the counter, noticing how strange it is for the shop to be abandoned. He casts Detect Magic, which pings the entire shop is full of Illusion magic. Trilby retreats and is concerned. The Party leaves the shop, heading towards the Burning Spears' location. A small space has been set up for the members to gather with torches and sconces creating a bright and warm area.

Stereotypical record scratch as the Party approaches, and the members who were outside turn to look at the Party. A member comes up to the Party and comes over to discuss things. Coil mentions how a Green Raven told them about the missing Spear. The member wants to bring Trayton back safely rather than dead as Graster is likely going to do. The member doesn't know why Graster was fighting with the missing person, but he knows where Trayton went. The Spears offer 600 gp to bring Trayton back safely, to which the Party agrees. To ensure the Party can be trusted, an exerecise must be done. A large pit allows the Party to fight in a scrap and prove their worthiness to The Flame Lord. This relatively nice agreement is thanks to <span style="color:tan">**Han Rathenald**</span>, who is the member that has been talking to the Party. The fight will be even, so the scrap will be with 1 or all the Party members, and the Party decides to go for everyone. Han says anything goes, but preferably nothing lethal. Some Spears draw arcane symbols and the circles for the scrap. They finish soon enough, and the Party steps inside the circle.

The Party makes any final preparations and prepares to fight against a pair of imps and an amporphus fire humanoid. *Begin Combat* The imps immediately attempt to slash at Feyli and Trilby. Gelnek managees to cast Dissonant Whispers on one of the imps, forcing it to run away. Feyli & Morenthal kill it with their Opportunity Attacks. The large fire elemental attempts to attack Coil, as Coil avoids both attacks. Unfortunately, Coil's sword is not exactly up to attacking elementals. Hobson casts some Armor of Agathys and Trilby gets Scrubbins to attack before casting Shatter on both. The elemental is able to stand in other creatures' spaces, causing them to take fire damage. As Coil kills the other imp, it explodes into fire and does a minor burn on Gelnek & Coil. A few slashes and magic attacks later, Gelnek gets the final blow to kill the elemental. As combat ends, Han walks up to the Party to give information. Han asks that Trayton is not given to Graster. Han points to an abandoned farmhouse in the Southwest that is the most likely place to go.

Hobson recalls what the Flame Lord/Tyrant is: a major being from the Fire Plane that was nearly unstoppable. Nearly unstoppable, because it was sealed away, and the followers try to find out how to bring him back. The Flame Tyrant is one of the Fallen Gods. <span style="color:Teal">**Cascos**</span> is the official name of the Flame Lord. Han says that mentioning Cascos or Han to Trayton will be enough. If Trayton wants to leave, then Han says to let them leave. It seeems four people in total may have left, and if they're not at the farmhouse, then there is nothing the Party could do. Armed with this info, Coil thanks the Spears as the Party leaves the Undercroft. They discuss what to do next, since Trilby is not going to leave the city for the Festival. Hobson asks about Morenthal's wound, and Morenthal once again emphasizes that thee Party should not worry about it. The Party decides to call it a night rather than pursuing Trayton this night. Trilby heads to his home while everyone else heads back to the tavern.

As Feyli goes back to the tavern, the first stair she steps on creaks very loudly and it feels like she's sinking into the ground ever so slightly. Nobody else seems to notice it, however. The tavern looks to be quite busy, but Gavel is more than happy to give the Party food and drink before continuing his work. Gelnek gives a toast to the completed monster hunt and defeat of the elemental. Soon after, the Party goes off to sleep in the inn rooms. Coil & Feyli take a room while Morenthal, Gelnek, and Hobson take another one. Morenthal wants to be alone, but Gelnek insists that they stay together. Morenthal sleeps during the night even though he doesn't need it. Gelnek and Hobson take watches. As Coil is in his "sleep" state, his vision shrinks further and further until he is left in an empty black void. Two inky splotches emerge from his chest and form two jigsaw-like pieces. They try to form an image, but it is incredibly blurry. Coil tries to focus on one piece, but the splotches go back into Coil and he becomes concious again. Feyli takes a WIS save being compelled to move somewhere. She wakes up and resists the urge to move, but she then stands up to look out the window. She shuts the curtains before going back to the bed. Morning greets the Party, and it is the day of the Festival.

Trilby got up before the rest of the Party and is incredibly excited for the Festival, vibrating in a chair. As the Party greets him, Trilby just rapidly starts talking about the Festival before bolting out of the door. Hobson and Gelnek try to keep up. The Party each put on their own costumes. Morenthal's is now a bloody maid costume, and Feyli's covers her face. The Festival consists of classic midway fair games, petting zoos, and small other critters. Merium is at a small booth handing out the ancient hard candy to any children that come nearby. It's the best Festival ever cause it also has cornhole!! Illustrious Lights Tickets is one booth getting a lot of attention. Tickets are 2 silver, and there are a Fire Genasi & Half-Elf manning the booth. Hobson is the first to approach and asks about it. The show is at sundown, and Hobson buys Trilby and his tickets while Gelneck purchases the other four. The main tent has been created, and the orange furred Minotaur hauls two haybales into the big top. Gelnek casts Dancing Lights within Coil's jack-o-lantern for flavor, and the Party follows Trilby around. The vast majority of the town is celebrating the Festival. Throughout the day, Trilby beats the Party to win a pie eating contest, Morenthal doesn't notice any suspicious activity, Trilby falls asleep on the donkey ride, and Coil crit fails and breaks the mallet game before easily winning a beholder plushie. Feyli gets the plushie from Coil, and she hugs Coil. As the sun sets, many townsfolk and the Party head off to the Illustrious Delights tent.

The Party finds some seating inside the tent. A large column in the center supports the tent, and the Minotaur is blocking one of the other exits. The ringmaster is a Gnome, and he gives his welcoming speech to rausing applause. The first act is <span style="color:Teal">**Ember**</span> the Fire Genasi doing various acrobatic and magical feats with fire batons. Multiple instruments are audible as the Gnome plays a lute by himself. The next act is <span style="color:Teal">**Tesen Stormhoof**</span> the Minotaur who is the featured strongman. The final act is a pair of acrobats, <span style="color:teal">**Rum and Elm**</span> who are a pair of half-elves that assisted Tesen's act. They start from the rafters and slowly make their way down, performing multiple stunts and feats. With that, the Gnome announces that the group will have smaller acts throughout the night and a second show in an hour. The Party is fairly impressed, despite the shortness of the show. The crew of the troupe have changed into more casual clothing and walks around the tent talking to people. Ember walks up to Hobson, mentioning that most of the Party is new since the Illustrious Delight is an annual event. Ember talks with Hobson and the Party and their heroics, and she seems to to lightly flirt with Hobson a bit. Feyli notices a boulder of a Dwarf behind the tent flap guarded by Tesen. The Dwarf has matted, disgussingly unkept hair, an eyepatch, and a bright red nose. Ember asks if Hobson has any plans for the night, which Hobson says no. Ember then asks to buy Hobson a drink, which Hobson accepts, and the two of them link arms to head off to the Brass Squid. Tesen comes over and says hello to the Party. He's fairly quiet and introverted, but the Party gives compliments. He leaves them and goes to the next group and says exactly the same thing to them. 

Gelnek asks the Party about any traditions and festivals the Party have before they showed up to this town. Coil recalls several monthly festivals culminating into a large winter festival. Feyli says that she left home at a young age, and the new group she lived with didn't have many festivals. Gelnek then says it is a good opportunity for the Party to make new traditions. Gelnek grabs some wildflowers and proposes that a new tradition is to wear flowers after a successful mission or hunt. Feyli needs to help since Gelneck isn't good at that kind of thing. Morenthal flat out says that he had no festivals or traditions. Eventually, the Party is shooed out of the tent so they can clean it. As that happens, we transition to Hobson sitting with Ember in the Brass Squid with drinks. Ember asks about Hobson's history, and Hobson says that it's a long one. He moved towards <span style="color:brown">**Silverfell**</span> to work at a mage college as an administrator. Valss takes over and makes Hobson say that he traveled the world, everywhere except here, apparently. *(Note: Valss controls Hobson for much longer than before. As such, anything Hobson does is attributed to Valss instead. Other characters refer to Valss as Hobson still.)* Ember is impressed, but she points out that Hobson sticks out wherever he goes. Valss keeps up the deception to appear important and grand by saying that he wanted to get out of the spotlight and build character. Valss then asks Ember about her life, and Ember says that the circus life is good, even if it doesn't pay super well. It can be slim pickings if other groups get to the larger cities first. She asks about the Party, and Valss says that the group is new, but they've had a very good group. He could see the Party travelling together and getting up to some good nonsense. Hobson takes a CON save, feeling a little drowsy due to the full day.

Ember leans back and asks if Hobson knows much about the people he's been traveling with. Valss says that he does have a lot to learn about the Party. Ember asks if Coil is self aware, and Valss confirms it so. He also mentions how the leader is his own height, and that he looks forward to learning more about both the Party and Ember herself. Valss also says the reasons for all his travels is to find out more about an important person named Valss. Ember doesn't seem to know anything about Valss, so she isntead talks about her life as part of the traveling troupe. Ember voices her concern that Hobson is a good person, but he's with some bad company, perhaps some of them are unsavory. Valss appreciates the concern and asks for any specifics, but Ember declines. Ember asks about any final plans that Hobson may have, but Valss confirms that no plans currently exist. Since the troupe leaves tomorrow, Ember asks if she could meet him for the night since they were hitting it off well. Valss playfully thinks about it and finishes the drink before asking about what Ember had in mind. Ember says that her room is 103, and that she'll see him after the show. The rest of the Party makes flower crowns with Feyli as the night winds down. The last show of the night gets prepared by the Illustrious Delight. Trilby heads on home while the rest of the Party makes their way back to the tavern for the night. While Trilby is walking home, he passes by the house that got transformed into the Temple of the Nine as well as the nobility graveyard. He sees and smells a large Dwarven figure standing next to the gate looking in. Trilby doesn't recognize him, but the two share a thumbs up. Trilby goes off to his bed, but he remembers to pull something from the Bag. He pulls out a fairly finely crafted <span style="color:lightgreen">**Waterskin**</span>, says it's neat and promptly collapses into the bed. 

Morenthal stays up late, thinking and drinking at the bar. Gelnek stays up with Morenthal to just stare at him. Feyli grabs one last drink before bed while Coil makes sure Hobson comes back to the Tavern. About an hour later, the Illustrious Delight troupe walks in with the last few showgoers.  Hobson, still under Valss's control, has been killing time by taking a walk. He returns to the tavern before the show is over, hangs out at the bar for a bit, and goes up to room 103 and peeks inside. It is clean but lived in, with a bag and a journal nearby, and Valss has no boundaries so he enters. Valss takes some brief glances across the things in the room, but he tries not to be too nosy. As a halfling, he gets the Nat 1 to Nat 20 investigation via his racial feat. One entry in a journal mentions <span style="color:brown">**Morfield**</span> and how <span style="color:teal">**Gorb**</span> has been doing a good job. A mysterious "she" is in Filgrove and "she" has a group with her. Valss also goes through the bag in the room, finding a ring with a familiar symbol on it. While Dave's was a skull with ornate things, this one has a flower incorporated into the design, with the lotus flower touching the top of the skull. Valss pockets the ring and decides to bail on this, because he's got a bad feeling about all this. As he tries to leave, however, he runs into Ember.

Ember asks if he's leaving so soon, and Valss replies that he was worried the show may have held her up. Valss, thinking as fast as possible, says that he's thirsty and wanted to get a drink, managing to convince Ember. She goes into the room while he goes downstairs, hoping the party is still here. Meanwhile, Feyli, Morenthal, and Gelnek are still downstairs, the Gelnek stare prevents anyone from making conversation. A bit later, as the crowds start to leave, Hobson comes downstairs and Gelnek greets him. Valss scoots into the table next to Morenthal and shows the ring, saying that he found it in Ember's room. Morenthal doesn't seem to know exactly what it's from, and Valss shows the rest of the table. Feyli notices and immediately asks for the ring. She confirms that it was upstairs in Ember's room, and Valss confirms. Feyli asks if Ember is alone, which Valss says that the circus is with her. Valss mentions the journal, and Feyli firmly asks him to go get the journal, so Valss agrees to try. Feyli also wants her dead, Valss isn't entirely sure why, but Morenthal now understands that it's the faction that put out the hit for Feyli. Gelnek is confused, and Morenthal mentions that Feyli may need to tell the rest of the Party. Feyli continues to refuse, saying that they need to get the Journal and leave. Morenthal counters by saying that the person who wants her just upstairs, and Valss thought he wanted something alarming. Valss goes to get the journal at the request Feyli and Morenthal.

Valss buys some drinks and goes up to meet Ember. The two take some sips as Valss asks about the final show of the evening. She replies that she enjoys performing and appreciates the people here. Valss realizes that he has no idea how to get the journal. Ember lays down suductively onto the bed and continues to talk with Hobson. Valss tries to keep up the act a bit more, because both Dan F. and Valss have zero plans on getting the journal. Realizing this, Valss attempts to bail one more time by saying he forgot something downstairs. He manages to slip away before she can grab him, and he runs back downstairs. Valss tells the Party that he didn't get the journal, so is there a Plan B. Feyli says that plan B is to kill her, which Valss admits would've been smootheer than whatever he just did. Gelnek, who's been paying more attention, notices the other members of the troupe watching the Party. He tells the Party this, and Feyli is not surprised in the least. Morenthal asks that Ember was still upstairs, and Valss says that he told her to stay there. Feyli, exhasperated, says that words probably won't persuade someone to not go for the bounty before realizing mentioning the bounty out loud is a bad idea. Morenthal says that the entire Party should go upstairs and get Coil, kill Ember quietly, and then deal with the rest of the troupe. Feyli goes alone up the stairs to grab Coil. Gelnek is told by Morenthal to be ready on a distraction if needed. Morenthal will go up second and Hobson will go up third.

Feyli goes up to their room and gets Coil up and about, stammering about needing him in another room to kill someone. Coil understands that she's upset about something and asks what it is. Feyli has had a number of drinks and can't answer coherently, but Coil still follows. Switch to Gelnek walking up to the troupe's table, trying to make friends. Gelnek shows off his maraccas, claiming to be a performer, and the Gnome pulls out his lute. Gelnek starts telling a story about his own history, hopefully distracting them for as long as possible. The Gnome, however, is not fooled, and says some brief about the unfortunate casualties in war. Gelnek says that war is not for mindless violence but rather for learning and growing as a warrior, shaking his maraccas. The Gnome plays the lute to compliment, and Gelnek continues. Gelnek attempts to figure out why the troupe is here. He notices the half-elves Rum and Elm place their hands on their weapons, the Minotaur is very tense, and <span style="color:teal">**Sawyer**</span>, the Gnome, is looking pretty confident, but he's hesitent about a confrontation. It is obvious that he's been listening in on the conversation. Gelnek, noticing all this tries to signal Gavel to get out before Gelnek heads back upstairs. End of Session.