## Session 9: Things go South.

We open at night as the Party camps near Trayton and Jeroma's cave. They choose do the standard watch with Coil and Morenthal, but before they sleep, Trilby takes out the pearl that is meant for Feyli. Trilby asks if Feyli wants the pearl, but she tells him to keep holding on to it. As Morenthal enters their trance, they get a vision of themselves on a boat. Thick mist surrounds the boat, and he is surrounded by blackness. Across from Morenthal, a feminine form sits in the boat. He tries to make out details, but his vision is too blurry to make anything out. One of her eyes is covered by a bandage, giving a red glow. She looks off to the left where a dock appears in the midst, which the boat reaches momentarily. She gestures for Morenthal to follow the path from the dock, and he cautiously does. What seemed to be stars earlier are actually much closer lights along a wall of some kind. The figure points upward to a light that is snuffed out. Then another. And another. Dozens snuff out as she turns to Morenthal, looking like she is filled with regret. Morenthal asks what it means, and the woman removes the bandage to reveal an angry red eye. As he looks into it, a smaller vision of the Illustrious Delights' wagon appears. Morenthal says that the Party already dealt with them, and the woman turns away before dissipating into mist. The vision ends with the remaining lights going out, leaving Morenthal alone to think about what happened. While Feyli has her normal nonsensical dreams, a more familiar sight keeps flashing in her mind. Running, carrying something heavy, with a fierce wind pelting her face. One more flash of nonsensical dreams leads up to a massive white pillar filling her view. The Party then wakes up.

Trilby immediately goes to pull from his Bag of Many Things. He pulls out a <span style="color:lightgreen">**Green Ribbon**</span> that is about 10 ft long, which doesn't seem to be very useful. Gelnek inspects the ribbon, which seems to be high quality but not particularly strong. With quests to turn in and airships to meet, the Party heads back and arrives in Filgrove. The weather is getting slightly cooler, but nothing major seems to have happend. One notable Lizardfolk with an oversized pack of stuff is wandering around the markeplace and square. They have several pieces of jewelery on their horns and fingers. The Party decides to go tell Han about Trayton rather than Graster. Trayton and Jeroma are back with the Burning Spears, getting patched up. Han thanks the Party for bringing them back, though it is sad that a bandit group got the other two. He gives the payment that was promised. The Party thinks about telling Han about Graster, but Feyli and Coil notice Trayton and Jeroma watching the Party intensely. They decide not to say anything to Han, so they instead decide to tell Hestio about Graster. They find Hestio in the back workshop talking to Shawna at the moment. A small bit later, Hestio comes up to the Party and asks what's wrong, since the Party looks tense. All of them go over to a more secluded grove and the Party stumble over themselves trying to bring up werewolves. Hestio sighs in defeat and asks what he did, leaving the Party surprised that all the Green Ravens know. As far as the Ravens know, Graster has the curse in check, since they've seen him transform on hunts. Hestio asks to know who got bitten, and the Party says it was someone from the Burning Spears, and there is history between them. Hestio knows how bad it looks for the Ravens to be associated with a werewolf. The way he sees it, he and the Party need to confront Graster about what happened. Going to the Crown's Guard is not a good option, and telling him to leave probably also won't work. 

Hestio doesn't know exactly what to do, and Coil says the Party won't know what is the best choice here. Hestio believes the Party won't betray the Ravens, but he also doesn't like the prospect of Graster turning on the Ravens too. He still suggests meeting up with Graster and discussing what to do with him. Gelnek suggests that Graster should be stopped and punished for who got hurt, and Hestio agrees since Graster is putting the town in danger. Hobson asks if going to Graster frist will prevent things from escalating to something messy. Hestio agrees, since if the Crown's Guard goes after Graster, it probably won't end well. Hestio asks Cici where Graster is, and she says Graster is at the Brass Squid. The Party and Hestio head off and find Graster in the corner of the tavern. Hestio takes a seat opposite of Graster, explaining what happened. Graster asks what the Party and Hestio plan on doing. Coil says they want to hear his side. Graster, surprisinlgy sheepishly, says that he messed up big time, and he assumed the situation would resolve itself, but they're currently alive. If the victims weren't alive, then the situation wouldn't be happening. Feyli asks what is wrong with him, and Graster bluntly says that he stopped trying to care about people when they stopped caring about him. Gelnek if Graster has plans to repent for what happened, but Graster says he normally resolves the situation himself. Obviously, this is a special situation, so he won't do that. Nonetheless, he won't accept the noose, so he asks Hestio what should be done. Hestio really doesn't want to bring the Crown's Guard in, but now others know, so he's going to be looking over his shoulder constantly. Hestio then asks if Graster would consider turning himself in.

Graster leans back, thinking, and Coil suggests that they could fight each other. Graster asks what he gets if he wins. Hestio rejects a clean slate, so Gelnek proposes banishment again since Graster resfuses try a path of redemption. If they find him again, then they will fight and try to kill him. Graster agrees to banishment, but tells the Party that if anyone reveals the Green Ravens hid him, then he'll find whoever did it, since they were good to him. Graster stands up, and confirms that nobody will be chasing after him. He tosses some gold to cover the bill and walks off. The Party feels uneasy about what just happened, especially Trilby and Morenthal, but he leaves without incident. Hestio seems somewhat defeated as to what happend. If the Party wants to fight him, then they can, but Hestio reminds them that it can spread. Gelnek asks Hestio about cures, and Hestio confirms that witches could probably cure it, such as Karshala the Hag. The Party decides instead to get a cure and then fight Graster to administer it. Hestio wishes the Party luck with this plan, and so the Party heads off to Karshala's shop once again. Everyone except Feyli and Coil go inside the shack. Inside, Karshala is shifting through a crate of supplies. Gelnek requests another cure for lycanthropy, however, Karshala says that she has two unfulfilled favors still. She isn't sure that the Party can hold up their end of the bargains, very clearly staring at Trilby. Trilby goes to give Feyli the pearl again as the remaining people trash talk Trilby behind his back. Trilby returns, confirming that Feyli doesn't want it. Morenthal, exhasperated, drags Trilby outside again and tries to force the pearl into Feyli's hand.

As the pearl touches Feyli's hand, it immediately is absorbed into her. Feyli is angry and shaking her hand violently, and Morenthal goes back in the shop to ask what the pearl was. Feyli also enters the shop and also asks about why the pearl is in her now. Karshala says that Feyli still owes a favor, so the pearl will help expediate the process. Morenthal is angry that the Party is both taking favors at all and that they are terrible at fulfilling them. Karshala says that she can remove the pearl in return for the thing the Party wants. In the ensuing back and forth, Morenthal is told he's done, so he walks out of the shack. Coil walks into the shop and reminds the Party that they could alwayys go kill Graster instead. Morenthal pokes his head in and says Karshala is being fair becuase the Party isn't finishing the favors. Feyli exclaims that she has a pearl in her hand, and Karshala says that she doesn't have a staff. Gelnek agrees to the favor of the orb for the lycanthropy cure. Karshala takes two fingers and pulls out the orb, which is now glowing a faint pink, and pockets it. She then goes to start brewing the potion. Gelnek insights that Karshala got what she wanted, and Hobson figures out that the orb gave Karshala whatever she wanted from Feyli. Gelnek takes the cure from Karshala once it's done. Karshala gives some advice that favors can be very powerful things. The Party quickly leaves with the cure. Morenthal is clearly in a hurry, and Feyli doesn't say what Karshala wanted. The Party last saw Graster leave via the southern gate, and they attempt to track him.

Feyli finds some heavy footfalls that start off to the south before peeling off to the eastern wilderness. As they follow the trail, they consider dipping up to two bolts/arrows or coating a single melee weapon with the cure. Seems like Graster was moving at a normal pace, so the Party could catch up if they move quickly. Gelnek enhances Coil's Strength in the event they need to grapple. Hobson sees that and casts Armor of Agathys on himself. Gelnek also enhances Trilby's Constitution as recognition for the useful button. Eventually, the Party manages to catch up to Graster, seeing him about 120 ft away. Gelnek asks if they want to do this honorably or dishonorably. Morenthal votes for dishonorably, but Trilby doesn't want to stoop that low. Trilby asks if they could convince Graster to take the cure on his own. Gelnek agrees. Coil comes along to provide support, making Coil, Trilby, and Gelnek be the ones approaching. Everyone else hangs back, and as the Party approaches to be within 60 ft, Graster turns around. Gelnek gives a small speech about kindness and reveals the cure. Graster asks what happens if he takes it, and Gelnek says that it will make him less of a threat. Graster questions that the Party doesn't just give him the cure and then kill him. He tells the Party to leave their weapons behind a nearby boulder. Trilby immediately agrees, as does Gelnek. Graster says that he just takes it and is free to go. The Players have a brief conversation about the potential outcomes of this, including Graster being killed by Morenthal. Graster asks if the Party can do him a favor, and he approaches Gelnek to grab the potion. Gelnek approaches, holding the potion firmly, hearing him out. Graster asks that the Party tell the Green Ravens that they killed him as he reaches for the potion. Coil asks why, and Graster says that he isn't very helpful without the curse, and he doesn't want the Ravens to know him like that. He takes the potion and asks if they're done. The Party agrees that he can go, and Gelnek thanks him. Graster returns to the path he was walking. Feyli runs up to catch up with him and gives a flower from her hair to him, saying people can be good. Graster takes a long pause before resuming his walk.

The Party walks back into Filgrove and starts to plan on what to tell the Green Ravens. They agree to tell the truth rather than Graster's proposal. They meet with Hestio and tell him that they cured him and Graster told them to tell Hestio that the Party killed him. Hestio remembers that Graster was always a beast (sometimes literally) on the battlefield. Hestio hopes that Graster found peace and satisfaction. Hobson hesitantly asks if there are any more potential issues with the Green Ravens or not, and Hestio says no. Trilby goes to check in on Uldar to check in on the broken sword he gave. Uldar shows off the repaired shortsword with a cool division line between the old and new blade. Trilby hands over the green ribbon, and Uldar attaches it to the hilt. Uldar goes back to working on his so-called Switch Sword, which goes between an axe and a sword. Trilby asks if anyone in the Party wants it, but there are no takers, so he holds onto it. At this time, there sounds like a commotion is happening outside as several townsfolk are running towards the Crown's Guard tower. The Party follows the commotion, seeing the airship. The airship looks like a standard sailing ship with no masts and several green crystals helping to keep it afloat. As they look on, a random Crown's Guard member asks the Party to follow him for a meeting. They walk up the keep into a large extravagant audience chamber with an enormous round table. The table has a notch in it, giving access to a large globe about 3 ft in diameter. The airship party will arrive shortly, but there are two other people in the room. First is <span style="color:teal">**Berckley Teldonto**</span>, the Duke, who is a well-kept Dwarven nobleman. The other is <span style="color:teal">**Utto**</span>, the Duke's personal servant, who is a wiry Gnome with terrible posture, appearing as relatively poorly kept. Trilby recognizes these two people, but the rest of the Party doesn't recognizes them.

The Party takes seats around the table, admiring the room's spectacle, including the large painting of the Duke's likeness that is impossible to ignore. After a moment, about 10 Crown's Guard wearing much more polished armor walk through a hallway, followed by two notable figures. First is a slightly disheveled swashbuckling-looking Elf, and the second is an extremely buff and scarred human wearing an uncomfortable suit. The Elf immediately says he's going back to the ship and leaves. As the scarred human sits down, the Duke stands up, greeting him as <span style="color:teal">**Adokas Thanadar**</span> and asking if he wants anything. Adokas declines but turns to eye up the Party. The Duke launches into a speech about how much of an honor it is to have Adokas but also to have hired the Party to retrieve the staff. He greatly embelleshes the Party's achievements, nearly to the point of being unrecognizable. The Party takes to these embelleshments and the situation in different ways. Feyli notices Borey in his own full suit of armor also looking completely over the situation. The Duke introduces the "great adventuring" Party to Adokas, calling him one of the great heros of old and the Champion of Virtue. Adokas was the one who requested that Filgrove help recover the artifact. Adokas then takes over the conversation, speaking much more plainly, refering to them as hired help or mercenaries. Hobson and Feyli recognize Adokas and the group called the <span style="color:aqua">**Champions of Virtue**</span>. They were apparently an elete band of adventurers that felled many beasts and monsters of legend. In fact, they were practically the right hands of <span style="color:teal">**The Emperor of Orlon**</span> about half a century ago. This is odd because Adokas appears to be in his fifties.

Adokas notices Hobson realizing who he is, and explains that he's just a member of <span style="color:aqua">**The Council of E'lithia**</span> now rather than being a great adventurer in the past. He says that the attack on the Vaults of Eversteel resulted in many artifacts being lost, and the staff was one of the easier ones to track down. He thanks the Party for returning it, mentioning payment. A Crown's Guard brings a tray with six bags of 1250 gp that are passed to everyone. If the Party is willing to continue helping find artifacts, they could be paid even more. Gelnek asks how many artifacts were lost, and Adokas says that a few dozen were lost in an explosion at the Vaults. About 6 have been recovered in the last few months, since the others are relatively hard to track down. The Staff of Defilement, as the artifact is known, has a major abyssal magical signature, making it easy to track. Compared to other artifacts such as powerful swords or a Throne of Want. If the Party were to find any of them, Adokas would appreciate it, but they don't have many leads that could be used to search for the artifacts. Should the Party be hired, then the information would be passed along, as would assistance traveling the continent, though the actual search is up to the Party. Gelnek readily agrees, as is (Valse) Hobson, who says it must be important. Adokas agrees in its importance, saying that the search is currently uniting the lands of <span style="color:brown">**E'lithia**</span> for now. Other than the <span style="color:brown">**War in the West**</span> remains at a standstill, this search is the primary focus in the East. Apparently, the Staff was also one of the less dangerous items. While there is no formal contract, Adokas says there are percautions that are made to ensure the artifact recovery is done in their favor. Notably, blood samples of all the Party are required if the high-profile artifacts are pursued. Coil would need a sigil rather than a blood sample for location tracking.

The tracking is to ensure the artifacts are not mishandled, and only the Council would know and have access to said locations. Trilby, (Valse) Hobson, and Gelnek are on board at this point. If the Party agreed, they would regroup in Northcliff to discuss the business venture at length. Coil waits to see Feyli's reaction, who is hesitant to agree to tracking. Adokas emphasizes that this process would only be necissary if the Party chose to join and if they went for high-profile relics. Since they have proven to be reliable, the Party could be trusted with lower-tiered artifacts. Gelnek asks how the Party would accept later, and Adokas says contacting the Council in Northcliff or with the Duke would be the best way. Gelnek confirms that the Party needs to discuss the proposition. Adokas understands and asks for the Party's name, commenting that coming up with a name was always the hardest part. The Party has no clue, but jokingly refer to themselves as the Flower Crowns. Adokas asks the Duke if there is anything else that is needed, so the Duke goes into a speech about how much improved Filgrove is. The Party is welcome to leave at this point, so they get ready to do so. Adokas gives each member of the Party a very firm handshake with his enormous hand. The Party leaves the tower, and Gelnek gives the rest of the Party 100 gp for them following him. Except Morenthal, who he gives 99 out of spite. This happened on the walk to the Brass Squid, and the conspicuous Lizardfolk sees it, skuttling over to drop his bag in front of the Party. The bag is unfolded by the Lizardfolk, who calls himself the <span style="color:teal">**Chamillionare**</span>, and he wants to trade with the Party. 

Trilby is willing to trade, so the Chamillionare shows off a clockwork bee, about 2 inches long. He whispers a command word, and it starts floating a few feet off the ground. He calls it a *Healing Bee*, since it can heal friends from across distance. He gets it to spray a teal fluid at Morenthal, which would've healed him. It only has a few charges before resting, and it goes for 700 gp. While Trilby thinks about the price, Chamillionare pulls out a thick pelt coat for Coil with a wolf skull on it. The <span style="color:forestgreen">**Mantle of the Pack Lord**</span> prevents creatures from gaining advantage from flanking, and it goes for 800 gp. His third item is the <span style="color:gray">*Staff of the Magpie*</span>, which has 10 charges, 2 for Locate Object and 3 for Fly spells, and it gives a +1 to Investigation for items. It costs 1200 gp. Feyli hates this man due to the outrageous prices. One more item is a classic <span style="color:gray">*Bag of Holding*</span>, which is 1000 gp. Item 5 is a 200gp <span style="color:gray">*Snow Storm Globe*</span> that creates a snow storm effect when it breaks. Gelnek is hesitant to purchase anything since there is no assurance that these things work. Gelnek asks about the Mantle, so the Chamillionare flips it over to reveal some arcane runes. Hobson and Morenthal recognize them as blur or illusions that line up with what it should do. The Chamillionare then shows Gelnek a special <span style="color:forestgreen">**Tuning Fork**</span>, which grants advantage on Performance checks if it is used before hand. It also allows the use of any Bard cantrip once per day using a DC 10 Arcana check for 500 gp. He has two more items of note. First is a <span style="color:gray">*Turtle Facemask*</span> that can be used once per day for 10 minutes of normal breathing, regardless of the environment for 600 gp. The last weapon is a <span style="color:forestgreen">**Purging Dagger**</span> made from the <span style="color:brown">**Evertree**</span>, which is a +1 dagger that deals an additional 1d4 Radiant damage. On a Crit, it can be left in the target, taking 3d4 Radiant per round until it is pulled out. The Purging Dagger goes for 1500 gp. Those items are available.

Gelnek takes the Tuning Fork for 500 gp. Morenthal is just short of the 1500 for the dagger, and Feyli asks if he needs some extra, and he says yes. She gives 200 gp to him and warns him not to use it on her. Morenthal uses that money to buy the Purging Dagger. Coil wants to buy the Mantle, and attempts to haggle it to 700. The Chamillionare says that if the Party buys 1 more thing, he'll bite, but Feyli just gives 100 gp for Coil to buy it at the 800 buying price. They don't buy anything else, so the Chamillionare packs up and moves onto another customer. The Party heads off and finally arrives in the Brass Squid to discuss the proposition. Gelnek is very excited to travel further on his pilgrimage. Feyli is adamant that Karshala the Hag cannot know about the job at all. She turns to tell Trilby that if Karshala asks, Trilby knows nothing about artifacts. Trilby counters that he's an Artificer. Morenthal doesn't care as long as it gets the Party away from Filgrove. Trilby is willing to travel with the Party, and the payments can be sent back to Filgrove to support his family. Trilby will need to check in with his family one more time though. (Valse) Hobson is also on board, since it is an opportunity for heroism. Feyli and Coil are both in, so the Flower Crowns declare themselves in favor of the quest. Gelnek proposes Feyli and he go pick up flowers, which makes Feyli very happy. Hobson notices that anytime the Champions of Virtue are brought up, Valse seems to stir with excitement for some reason. Gelnek calls over Gavel and requests a celebratory platter with the works. With this is going on, Gelnek invites Feyli to go picking flowers and chatting.

Gelnek thanks Feyli for proving that Trilby is not malicious and trying to steal the mantle of double leader. Gelnek now realizes that Trilby is dumb but sincere, and Feyli agrees with the naivity. However, Gelnek cannot get a read on Morenthal. Feyli isn't entirely sure what to say. She believes Morenthal means well, but Gelnek has much more trouble seeing it. Perhaps Morenthal had something go wrong in the past and is wary to opening up. Feyli replies that the Party is there for the Morenthal, so he's good. Feyli says that if Morenthal meant to harm the Party, they would know, so he would probably put himself in harm's way for the Party. Gelnek agrees, and is sad that Feyli tells him to not let Morenthal know. In short, let Morenthal be Morenthal. The two of them return to the Brass Squid just as the works arrives. Gelnek insists of paying 50 gp to Gavel since the Party won't be returning for a while. The Party proceeds to dig in, celebrate, etc. Trilby heads on home and gives his family 1000 gp that he has. He explains to his mom what happened in the tower for him to get the money. He says that he won't be back for a while as he travels with the Flower Crowns. His mom gifts about 15 <span style="color:forestgreen">**Sending Sheets**</span>. Writing a message on them addressed to the parents will deliver the message via a little flying bird. Trilby goes to bed and enjoys some pampering from his mom. Overnight, Trilby starts making a copy of the Healing Bee for next session. Valse catches Hobson up about the job during a nice nighttime walk. Since everyone else in the Party is on board, Hobson is on board too. Hobson also tells Valse about Adokas, but Valse doesn't remember anything specific. Hobson happened to walk to the statue in the main square, which pings of deja vu. It reminds him of the vision he had in the Flesh Cave. The plaque on the statue says "In rememberance of <span style="color:teal">**Arther Oathbringer**</span>." Arther may have been part of the Champions of Virtue now that he thinks of it. 

The Airship is staying in town overnight, ready for the Party to give their answer in the morning. The Party all go to sleep as the camera flies into the shack of Karshala the Hag. The shack is empty, with no sign of inhabitance. The camera then cuts to Karshala leaving town in the forest. She looks at the pink pearl before pocketing it and returning her trek southward. End of Session.